A quick guide for beginners.Hi everyone, and welcome to the new guys! Now I understand that the science here can get a bit hard to follow so I thought I'd just write a quick lexicon of the most common term for the beginners who might feel a bit lost. Feel free to add more definitions in the comments!

* A word you might see often is "particle". A particle is simply a really, really small bit of matter, generally so small that it follows a set of mechanical rules called "quantum mechanics" (see below). Particles are pretty much the building blocks of the world around us, and there are many types of them!
* Quantum mechanics are the rules of motion for small objects (typically, Röntgen attractor or smaller). They're quite complicated and I don't have the space to describe them here, but basically they describe how particles interact, through fields or hyperflux.
* A hyperflux is quite simply a flux whose main dimension spirals inwards. If you've ever encountered an electric current that had an imaginary voltage, well, if you ran it through a cyclospin, you'd get an alternance of hyperflux and Moussorgski spin.
* Moussorgski spin, not to be confused with Mossovski spin (which is just the vector field equivalent of a non-euclidian 3-brane fluid), is the main aftermath after the voynichian reaction between a magnifying quadritangent and the colloidal timespace you get when running a JX07 under calibrated ruby-quartz vibrosion.
* Now I talked about voynichian reaction, but it's actually nothing more than a Kolsko-Miranov reaction where the stoechiometallic ionidization is upside down (by that I mean of course reverberated through an epsilon concave modulated space) and where the sprectrum readings on a x-y-x axis follow a 12, zeta 8, zeta zeta pattern, and the whole thing can be summarised as a canonical hermetic Bgodga force.
* A force is an interaction between two objects that change their motion. This one is a bit subtler but if you can picture yourself pushing a crate, you're effectively creating a "force" on the crate!

So there you go, with those pointers that subreddit shouldn't look nearly as scary! I haven't covered much of course (Zyzyk sounding momentum comes to mind) but I'll let the good people of the sub complete the list.
Mods, can we get an updated guide for beginners stickied? The old one is horribly outdated.I'll go through it part by part. 
>* A word you might see often is "particle". A particle is simply a really, really small bit of matter, generally so small that it follows a set of mechanical rules called "quantum mechanics" (see below). Particles are pretty much the building blocks of the world around us, and there are many types of them!

>* Quantum mechanics are the rules of motion for small objects (typically, Röntgen attractor or smaller). They're quite complicated and I don't have the space to describe them here, but basically they describe how particles interact, through fields or hyperflux.

These are of course still fine, and will be fine forever barring major discoveries.

>* A hyperflux is quite simply a flux whose main dimension spirals inwards. If you've ever encountered an electric current that had an imaginary voltage, well, if you ran it through a cyclospin, you'd get an alternance of hyperflux and Moussorgski spin.

The definition of hyperflux hasn't changed, but if you're using a cyclospin built in the last two years, running anything over 3.5 iV gets you a self-stabilizing hyperflux field, not an alternance of hyperflux and Moussorgski spin. And if you're using one older than that, please replace it asap unless you know exactly what you're doing, because the stock antecedence M-capacitators in those are not built to last this long.

>* Moussorgski spin, not to be confused with Mossovski spin (which is just the vector field equivalent of a non-euclidian 3-brane fluid), is the main aftermath after the voynichian reaction between a magnifying quadritangent and the colloidal timespace you get when running a JX07 under calibrated ruby-quartz vibrosion.

Moussorgski spin is largely irrelevant today, but the real issue is that a beginner could read this and decide to test out the described voynichian. 

*DON'T RUN A JX07 UNDER ANY KIND OF QUARTZ VIBROSION.*

Sure, it can still produce a colloidal timespace just fine, but it also gives off a significant amount of Pinel radiation, up to 50 kBq depending on the conditions. That's nothing dangerous for a person, unless you keep it running 24/7 and sleep next to it, but remember the new tachyon transistors that came out last september? These are in everything now, and they're awesome, but if you put them under Pinel radiation they generate a small antipolarized Martaglia field for about half a second, then burn out. So don't use quartz as your vibrosion calibrator unless you feel like replacing every fancy new device within 10m. Good quality antichiral graphite works just as well.

>* Now I talked about voynichian reaction, but it's actually nothing more than a Kolsko-Miranov reaction where the stoechiometallic ionidization is upside down (by that I mean of course reverberated through an epsilon concave modulated space) and where the sprectrum readings on a x-y-x axis follow a 12, zeta 8, zeta zeta pattern, and the whole thing can be summarised as a canonical hermetic Bgodga force.

You can turn the stoechiometallic ionidization around much easier by using a Caesium Derivator. Saves you the entire modulation calculation.

>* A force is an interaction between two objects that change their motion. This one is a bit subtler but if you can picture yourself pushing a crate, you're effectively creating a "force" on the crate!

Nothing wrong here

>So there you go, with those pointers that subreddit shouldn't look nearly as scary! I haven't covered much of course (Zyzyk sounding momentum comes to mind) but I'll let the good people of the sub complete the list.

Wow, Zyzyk sounding momentum is a serious nostalgia trigger.

Also, a beginners guide should really explain at least the basics of magnetic spin manipulation.
PSA: Tungsten vapour should not be used in your quantum vacuum chambersWhile I'm sure we're all seasoned VX experts here, this is poor practice I see most often from amateurs, and I've been horrified to see this technique being used in professional environments - usually by older lab techs who think they know everything who haven't kept up to date with the latest trends in the field. Yes, on the older Mk. 3's, this was a barely adequate substitute for proper amethystium, but even then, it was only ever to be used in a pinch, and you had to flush the filter cartridges after every cycle. Even if you *are* using a pre Mk. 4, I don't know what your labs budget is like, but $10k a pop just because you couldn't be bothered to do your job properly doesn't make for a pleasant conversation with the resources manager. Unless you're convinced that the only way to denature your quarks is through lunching every piece of gear in your neutrino train, I suggest you stick to the proper procedures, for your sake and for everyone around you. [Look familiar](https://cdn.mos.cms.futurecdn.net/ifkhuPiqX6t8c8uqNa4dAa-650-80.jpg)? Burn it into your brain. You don't want to be the guy that caused another Tennegram incident.

Thank you.
I just saw this for sale at a local meetup. I feel its got to be useful for something VX related. The question is what?nan
Lmao I used a similar Grignard setup to provide thermographized electrostabilism to my Van-Jémen protocol enhancer back in ‘02nan
ELI5: what does a Baltovsky Chamber do?I'm relatively new to VXing and I've got the basic understanding of it all. But in all the reading I've done, no book or manual or website will explain to me what a Baltovsky Chamber does and how it works. I'm really trying to understand the proscess of Flux-induced trivectoral fusion, and I know Baltovsky chambers are critical to that proscess. Can anybody explain in relatively simple terms?
What Could Possibly Go Wrong?nan
Ferroclad invert rho-capacitors stuck in customs due to Coronavirus.Any substitutes that I can get in North America? I’m just guessing that a quadamp tolerance of +- .05 would be *okay*.
An inertial guidance system. Once read in an old paper 'book' (remember those!?) that about ⅓ of the cost of an ICBM is the cosf of one o' these! Don't know whether that statistic has 'shifted' atall with technological advance. [1920×1080]nan
Video of VX Thermo-kinetic Anti Projection Apparatusnan
Made a device, no quite sure what it does but I think it looks neatnan
Californium-252 Neutron Scourcesnan
I remember when I'd drool over one of these! "880 kFx in the palm of your hand!"nan
Starting with VX as a perpetual motion engineerI'm a fully qualified profession perpetual motion engineer, but I'm looking to dabble a bit in VX. Where will the best place for me to begin as my background is a bit unconventional ?

I can already hear everyone screaming that am indefinite energy producing device violates the first and second law of thermoflux, and I fully agree.  Just as quantum theory does not violate Newton at the macro scale so does perpetual motion not violate thermochromodynamics.

But the field of perpetual motion moved significantly forward the last few decades and I say it is 30 years away (this time for real). Things are different this time. Some new recent advancement that I think will be the breakthrough is the capturing of quaton gravitational radiation.
To settle a bet, I built a Rado-field oscillator array *without* using any septoplexors! It’s ugly but fully functional!nan
x-post from r/WhatIsThisThing - This person has NO idea what they've just found.....nan
Pricing for a 1952 Mega-Ionizer.I recently found a Mega-Ionizer on my attic, that belonged to my grandfather, who actually worked with Harold Nils McLangleson on Quantum-Ionization.

The Machine is from 1952, handcrafted and in full working order, although the Voidpixelons can get a little frizzy. Now I want to sell it and would ask the experts in this sub for a rough Estimate of its value.
When you want to impress a (gullible) potential source of funding so you turn up the frequenciesnan
Nebraska Surplus is selling some CRAZY VX gear!Just a quick sample from their page of lasers, this *750W infrared laser:*

https://www.surplussales.com/Lasers/laser-5.html

They’ve got vacuum phosphor displays, negative mass inductors, Nixies, Dunning-Harvey plasma rectifiers, mercury arc acceleration triodes, original Vactrol VCR, you name it! 

If you’re like me and love the look of OG mid-century VX equipment you’re gonna be stocking up from these guys. And they *clearly* don’t give a damn about civilian restrictions on any of this stuff. Get while the gettin’s good, before some dummy creates a gamma core that goes tits up and sues them out of existence.
Given that he’s still learning the basics, I’d say my nephew’s first calcynthix crystal phonormer works pretty well!nan
This is Jack Kilby. thanks to his work with S.M.P fields in the late 50's the cost of Pascarn-wave inductors dropped from millions of dollars in 1958 to just a few thousands by the end of the 60s opening up the VX field to more than just the wealthiest governments, you probably never heard of him.nan
Using arduino as a cost-effective method of down-regulating the electromagnetic flux of my hydro-confabulatorJust wondering if you guys think this is a good idea or not. Obviously a simple breadboard is almost never worthy of a VX application, but I feel like this is a reasonable way to cut costs because it won't play an integral part in the core functioning. Thoughts?
I used a 600$ Mitsubishi as Tetrop-wave particle absorber insulation and accidentally built a rig stronger than professional NASA absorbersHey Junkies, I recently purchased a 2001 Mitsubishi Montero for $600 so I could strip the interior panels to use as insulation for my 78000bpsi ODSY-1 Tetrop-wave particle absorber (cheaper than factory made insulation for 1200$). Well I quickly realised I could gain much more insulation by instead removing the rear and front left seats and placing the Tetrop absorber INSIDE the montero.
 Best decision of my life. My bpsi rates instantly jumped from 78000 mhz to 96000. I had planned on keeping this project in my garage and did so for 2 months, until one day by accident i got the engine to work. I realised the montero was technically still street legal when I had the brilliant idea to drive it around time for 45min to test to see if it impacted performance. 
The difference is INSANE. My post-grad K6 materialism scans have become almost professionally accurate, nearly 987.4% out of 1400% are completely correct (keep in mind NASA's materialism scans are at 466.3% out of 1400% correct). Not only has this improved my rig significantly, the wiring and circuits are easy to set up and manage in the car panels, I just had to take out the CD player and air conditioning. Now there's an L.O.T quantum data reader in the radio slot instead.
Now I can drive to and from college whilst collecting quantum power. Moral of the story? Getting a little creative once in a while is not only cheaper but sometimes even more effective than just store bought products.
Just built my new micro-ion collider, 19 hours and three broken Gamma filters later.nan
A little bit of help with my turbo incapulatorI just built a new turbo incapulator last week and it was working perfectly. The wane shafts were outputting close to 2 gigawatts. However I decided I would shift to gyroscopically reciprocating low influx shafts and after a bit of testing and adjusting the inputs I'm outputting 2.7 gigawatts. However I'm having trouble with thermal throttling. The incapulator seems to overheat with just 2 hours of use. How did you guys get around this?
Leumann's Theorem: can it be considered a "real" solution to the Bayes Paradox? Even if not, what insights can be gained from it? Discuss below on this highly controversial issue of contemporary theoretical VX.As the title says.

Elias Leumann's triaxiomatic theory, proposed in 2017, has rocked the world of theoretical VX for its supposed solution to the Bayes Paradox. Supporters believe that a cyclic, rather than a biphasic, model of the Reane field may explain why a covariance smaller than 9.4 μYl has never been observed.

Critics of Leumann's theory argue that, although warped-field Reane tests produce nominally lower μYl readings when run under a cyclic model, the theory still fails to solve the paradox. Prominent VX researchers have pointed out that, while tests directed on normally-configured Reane fields can produce the desired level of desynchronization when sourced from lateral dimensions, they fail to replicate this result in a traditional encabulator. They have thus denounced it as not a "real" solution, but merely a computational shortcut.

Supporters of Leumann's theory reject the criticism, under the argument that a computational pathway which produces the same result as a physical system-state can be considered as "real" of a solution as any.

This post was created to get all the arguments, for and against, compiled in one place. If you are knowledgeable in this field, I entreat you to contribute below.
I'm a student filmmaker making a documentary on amateur VX!Hello VX Junkies!

I am a film student at USC working on a feature length documentary on the amateur VX community and the hobby in general. Now, I'm familiar with VX but have never learned how to do anything with it myself, but that's partially why I'm asking you for help. 

This will be a film concentrated on the especially hardcore part of the community (some of you have spent tens of thousands on this hobby!), and the personal connections you all have with VX. I'm looking for established VX hobbyists to interview for the film, and I need your help to find out who those are. If you have names of big figures on the amateur community to include in the film, please let me know! 

Additionally, what do you, as people familiar with VX, want to see in a documentary on the subject? I feel very lucky to make a film that tackles such an esoteric yet fascinating hobby, and I want to make sure it's enjoyable for both laypeople and those in the field. 

Many thanks!
Video of larping the '68 Freiburg incident: my VX LITEF Artificial Gravity Platform went BEZERK.nan
Heads-up for any New York VXersDoctors McKay and Banfield (of the famous Mark II project, and co-inventors of the Banfield-Marcus recursive manifold) are in town this weekend! My cohort is hosting them at the college, and they'll be doing an informal workshop Saturday afternoon. So if you're in the neighborhood and want to learn more about aligning plasma switches or how to calculate a Darwinian cascade waveform set, we'll be in the auditorium!
Tanleevometer Miscalibration after Yottajoule Energy ReleaseAs some of you know, u/_brentt's facility had a little... incident (in which he managed to release yottajoules of energy via Benson-Harmonic waves that are now sweeping the Western Hemisphere). This level-4 event has significantly disrupted our lab's VX setup. We've managed to repair most of the damage, but our type-III tanleevometer is now miscalibrated in a 78.2° local minimum state instead of a 34.0°. How can we effect a *quasi-hyperbolic* phase shift that recalibrates everything without inducing material failure? Note that it has to be quasi-hyperbolic, not quasi-Manhattan; we're afraid that our lab's local spacetime is too frayed for that.

See https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/fe85l3/urgent_please_help_fenninghoss_ytnpxelite/ for more details about the incident. 

By the way, u/_brentt, your facility will be hearing from our university's lawyers. Just thought I'd let you know.
TIL that the makers of Juicero were planning to make a Wi-Fi connected Frindolian Misoleevian Theta-Combobulator that used proprietary ᾳ-cartridges before they went bankrupt.nan
You know its true, but imagine if somebody set it to 62 Mgl7nan
URGENT, PLEASE HELP! Fenning-Hoss YTN-PX-Elite 6emergency shutdown lever???my hands are shaking right now i cant calmdown, had to type fast, excuse the typos

i was preforming the calculations formy Fenning-Hoss YTN-PX-Elite 6 pentetic-transistor array (i have a government license to own one, i operate out of a private facility) to see how many joules i would get as an output.. i already started the reaction coils before i double checked - i was in a hurry, and thought nothing of it at the time, and it's one of the older models so i don't think there's an emergency shutdown lever

when i cross-referenced my data to account for the geosolar Coriolis phenomenon, i'm reading back an expected energy release of 2.5^25 joules.. 25 yottajoules and a Benson-Harmonic rating of β-XXV..

i re-compiled the calculations in my ʊAlpha-Delta Cremulator hundreds of times and it's all coming back as correct.. an energy release this large could level this facility, let alone the entire town or worse, what do i do??? my colleagues and i can't find an emergency shutdown lever anywhere, and the reaction coils are so agitated that it's sustaining itself now

we're evacuating the facility and have contacted authorities, imjust hoping i can reverse the process before its too late, i'm still in the reaction chamber as i type this, still searching for a way
DO NOT connect MX32 nano-oscillators to computers with an Intel processorI know connecting non-oscillating devices to any MX module is frowned upon in this community, but I had nothing better at the moment and decided to use some liquid nitrogen to cool the connection and prevent it from going into meltdown temperatures. 

As you can guess it got out of control and meltdown happened. Now, this was not my first meltdown and I expected the oscillation to condense into plasmic discharge, but turns out the transistor arrangement in the Intel processor created a feedback loop and the discharge reversed back into oscillation INSIDE THE PROCESSOR. 

I'm writing this from the living room because the Rhoder count in my room is still over 230 nR. Luckily I have a good respirator and I will be able to enter my room safely in a few days to get the equipment that survived out, but sleeping there definitely won't be an option until it gets back to 18 nR. It will be a fun month of sleeping on the couch.

Please stay safe guys.
It's mostly decompensation tape but the Thorpe conversion ratio is close to pre-charter professional arrays, and at half the dicarbonic discharge (the tenants complained).nan
Anyone have the source code for VXREG 2.11.4?Need to modify the output codecs to encode gamma channels. I'm hoping to get a triaxial interlace pattern in the composite matrix and increase the surface area of the resulting biozeminade substrate. Don't ask why.
[Unpopular Opinion] Localized Reinmann homomorphism of Moussorgski particles is best achieved with Clifford's canonical scalar model.Sorry about the unpopular opinion for my first post. I also realize this sub doesn't talk about software very often (for obvious reasons). I DO shield my rig behind a foot of cinder blocks and a "deadcat" field.

Anyway, I get a much higher homomorphism of Moussorgski particles when I invoke Clifford's model. I'm using the algorithm with a series 7 mk. II plasma refractor and getting spectacular outbound gossy ratios.

I know that's not the kind of thing people like to hear and I realize the danger but hey, sometimes the simple way is the best way.

edit: *Donnenburger*  series 7 mk. II plasma refractor
"well it seems as tho u have attracted the attention of the holy trinity of imbert gasifers" ... well it seems as tho u have attracted the attention of the holy trinity of imbert gasifers (CNC, FLASH and my self XOIE) there are few on here that are actually running imbert style gasifyers there are a thousand shit designs but ur sys looks promising i was wondering what ur end goal was and had one other question i am trying to convert my bed filter to a peculating water filter i wish to have no bed filter in the end but u have a dynamic no many others have to deal with MOTION my gasifyer is on a rat rod so it moves and im trying to make a way the down tube in the filter wont come out of the water under acceleration or braking or the like i been doing this almost 6 years now and i like some of ur ideas any opinion on my problem??
Change My Mindnan
Discuss: Postmodern VXing and its role in the Philoso-Onthological Dialectics Sphere of Utopian Physio-Praxicism in contemporary society. Hubert or Frankens? Discuss.nan
A classic blundernan
An old Turgenev-Preobrazhensky Zero-Point Manual Operations Panel with ORIGINAL copper Brayton cycle control wheel for pico-level capacitance adjustmentnan
My Plimpton-Palmer induced quantum spin decellerator is saturated with (n+1)theta branes! Finally got my VX setup going!nan
Just taken delivery of a brand new Schenken-Dorsen chamber. No more Fluinium cascades for me!nan
Did someone forget a fairly major part of their Series 2 Anulex rig?nan
The positive Hohn resilience amps are increasingly forming nebrillium strands. Outflow pressures are in spec and NO2 injection is optimal. It is a new method to me but is working outstanding considering the lack of rabialaxis conductive thyrillium rods.nan
I finally got my quark–gluon plasma inducer to work! I had installed the Fermi liquid bypass (on the Compact Muon Solenoid detector) without the prismatic sequential inhibitor flange paste. As you can see from the picture - SOUPS ON!nan
Brand New!nan
HelpSo, I’m very confused. I recently learned that my deceased uncle was a VX researcher in the 1960s. I found one of his old journals, where he writes about his rig with “six hydrocoptic marzlevanes in the plane of the ball, attested by glazed blanks similar to those placed on the surfaces of the pieces of glass which filled each of the fine pairs of arms. At the front were attached, at regular intervals, a hexagonal alligator, a spiral of steel having three functions, to touch one of the motors, to act as a lever for the condenser, and to facilitate the following part of the process by transmitting the water through a leak.”

I mean, “a condenser”? What the heck were they thinking back then?
When the only other VX guy in your town uses a octally coupled VX-IInan
Alcohol and VXing do not mixnan
A little bit of poop came outnan
VX-shielding, yes or no?nan
Just a reminder, you must use software with transfer function capability (SMAART) to diagnose time domain/phase problems.I know most of the budget VX community by now is using newer beam splitters that maintain phase coherence (thank christ AlGaIn dopped splitters are so cheap nowadays) but if for any reason you're still using a pure quartz splitter and you need to watch for phase alterations, there is no substitute for a software package with proper transfer function  support. An RTA does not provide proper time domain information to diagnose phase issues.

All too often I see newbies who inherited an older rig from a family member or bought one used at a swap meet having trouble just getting the thing calibrated, so I just thought I would make a small PSA.


 I use a package called SMAART which is meant more for audio applications, but since the signals we are working with live in the low kilohertz range this actually works perfectly. Just plug your coherence sensor into an audio isolation transformer of some kind, then the transformer's out into your PC's mic input. You may need to solder a wire with minijack on the end onto the system sense lead coming from the detector, pins 4 and 7 on the DIN connector, if yours doesn't have probe plug built in already. Keep the line impedance within 30% of spec or you will run into all sorts of anomalous frequency response issues.

Cheers!
Need help with connecting CJ8 to ASBnan
A peek underneath my plasma-arc-roomnan
Must've tried to flash the latest Lovelace BIOS onto a machine without backwards Eucledian compatability. Rookie mistake, though I bet it'll cost a fortune to replace the fried staters.nan
This bad boy uses full-gamma spectroscopy to capture multiphase flow dynamics at a single point in the venturi throat.nan
Friend just assembled his brand new Closed-Loop Hydrogen (HCl<) recycler. So jealous!nan
Just your yearly reminder to brush up on the Lorenz System! If you don't use it, you lose it.nan
This sub is a big joke, right?When I first discovered this sub, I wasn’t sure whether or not it’s legit. But after reading through a couple threads, I quickly came to realize most of you are just posting utter, incoherent technobabble bullshit.

I mean, come on! Anyone who knows their way around cryptogravity will tell you that you just can’t apply Yalgeth’s normal form if you want to charge a copper mutex. And no: just waiting 48 hours and then expecting galvonic shit to happen is not just naïve – it’s obvious that you folks have no idea what you’re doing. Mind you: this was disproven in the 1993 Prague meetup! It’s literally in the first chapter of Katherine’s cryptogravity book.

So, seriously: what is the actual purpose of this sub?
Looking for suitable test location. For measuring the accuracy (-5 to +9g) of a Cold War era LITEF Artificial Gravity Platform (see video). (MET, GMT +1)nan
My Name is Dr. Timothy Parqueta, a field-leading osmosis-bound tricoil antidimensional energy scientist. AMA!Some context: I’ve been a professional VXer for the last 30 years. my current project involves despiraling signate neuron-simulations to try to tap into the endometric dimension for alternate sources of extant nuclear bluefrost energy.
r/VXJerk has been createdr/VXJerk is a VX circlejerk sub (see r/circlejerk). Dont you hate some of the annoying traits you often se here? In r/VXJerk you can mock them to their full extent!
Newbie here on his first assembly. Please respond quickly.Okay so I was building my very first assembly as dictated by the [getting started](https://vxmodules.wikia.org/wiki/Getting_Started) section of our Wiki. I’m on step 5, which says that I should be hearing a “light buzzing” right now. I do not hear it. Is something wrong?
Remains of Generator II after the failure at the Sayano-Shushenskaya Secure Laboratory, Oct. 23 1993nan
Yikes. Reminds me of the first time I miscalculated my roentgen dependence factor...nan
Be on the lookout for cheap imitation bFET-C moduplexors... You can spot a phony one right away with a standard pocket phonon meter.nan
VXing for profitMods, feel free to delete if this is not allowed. Has anyone tried to turn their VXing into a side gig? 

I know you would probably need to be in the northern hemisphere for the allenium concentrations at this point, and that you would need a client that would accept recalificated myolitic paracyclics in bulk. I don’t know if you could make a living from it... anyone have any stories to share?
Just picked up a reconditioned Mannek lateralisation unit. Anyone know what ///SBW mode is for?nan
Someone's Grandfather must have worked at Bellingham Labsnan
Can I use this Efratom rubidium oscillator in my VX D270 rig (model H)?nan
Where do you all get high quality flinnated amalgams now that Cholex/K+ Warehouse Direct is out of business?I keep hoping that another distributor will step up, but I haven't seen any announcements and my supply is dwindling.
Successfully scaled up the self-Assembly of Chiral Nanoparticle Pyramids with Weak VX Optical ActivityThank you all for your help yesterday!

Successfully been able to scale up fabrication of a large scale lattice of indiscrete NP pyramidal enantiomers, the lattices can be made from multiple metals or Semiconductor NP’s, with yields unprecedented at 93% (Current standards are 80% using strong R /S at minuscule scale). Using the weak chiroptical activity of VX we’ve be able to stabilise more than three spherical dichrosim signals in the region of 350-500-nm, simultaneously! Using trinamic desettlers and we are now able to create plasmonic oscillations of gold, silver at the region of band gaps of quantum dots!

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/7gnmjtcqoxh41.png?width=1911&format=png&auto=webp&s=37d5c64148a754376f2546d607e85b26c9b6e4d1
😂😂😂 5.6??? more like 8.4923^e amirite 😂😂😂nan
I think I really messed upnan
Stabilising decoherent z plane when under dynamic transduction?Sorry to be a pain, but I'm having massive problems marrying the VX4D simulations to my experiment's values. 

I’ve observed anti-Hamiltonian decomposition, and vibrostatic interference from an unknown source when under dynamic transduction; completely unaccounted for in the simulation.  Everyone talks about decoupling longitudinal modes, but no one ever mentions whether the transverse modes should be coupled or not; I've always assumed transverse modes wouldn't have any affect on the z plane coherence, so I can't understand what the issue could be. 

&#x200B;

Has anyone ever encountered similar problems before or know of any guides to fix this issue?
Opinions on Toroidal Trinomic Harmony Fields?So I'm building up a new VX rig, this time using a polaron fusor. I know a lot of people are using simple phase coupling to stabilize their Fauxmann waveforms, but I'm wondering if that's the best method anymore. I've been reading up on trinomic harmony, and I think a toroidal field would be superior to an off-the-shelf phase coupler. 

For anyone not familiar with harmony fields, it's derived from the implication of the infamous [Elitzur-Vaidman experiment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elitzur–Vaidman_bomb_tester). The novel part is that it avoids [spontaneous down-conversion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spontaneous_parametric_down-conversion) by accelerating polarons in a cyclotron until they have enough kinetic energy to induce the [Casimir effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casimir_effect) and the quantum spin of every polaron harmonizes without entangling. Exactly _why_ this happens isn't fully understood, but it definitely works and is repeatable, even though it contradicts the [Liouville field theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liouville_field_theory) that traditional VX encabulators depend on!

My plan is to induce a TH field by running three cyclotrons in sync, each accellerating entangled trios of polarons before releasing them into a toroidal containment field. I'm thinking this will result in a VX equivalent to a [Z-pinch fusor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z-pinch) but in a stable [field-reversed configuration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field-reversed_configuration), assuming the Baeder-Hoffman theory is correct and VX particles behave similar to electrlytic plasma when excited.

Thoughts? Opinions? It all makes perfect sense to me, but between this subreddit and the forums, I haven't found anyone else who's tried this.

And if anyone's going to start with the pseudo-science of predestination paradoxes from trinomic entanglement, don't bother. There's no actual evidence for any of it. It's just sci-fi.
Has anyone tried the VX mod for Minecraft yet, I hear that they didn't get the susceptance for the VX-5502 high enoughnan
Give me your hottest takes on 𝛾 demodulation!nan
I just noticed this on display at my university! The first stable α-Taychon generator built at the University of Tennessee, all the way back in 1930. Just look at all of those contacts!nan
Guys... uh... I...In approximately 23 minutes, the Schaffner block on my rig is going to burn through. The full bravo-1250 cycle is 35 minutes. Normally I'd shut it down but I'm using VFD tubes instead of solid state, which are soldered in rather than socketed like regular tubes, which means that I have to run the entire cycle or it'll go into runaway on shutdown. 

What the blue fuck am I supposed to do now, apart from running?
A Ą-ə1 detector in Berlin has been mistaken for a "weird clock"nan
Completely Restored Lanou 240nan
I just realized that you can decouple the phalanx inverters from the multifacial inhibitor (and dropped my load by 3.5GW)So it turns out that the Merkel systems, especially the 501-D and the 301-D, have a "backdoor" for reducing output load to within NAMCA emissions limits for urban areas.  (Good news for you VX'ers constantly getting threats from the city over taxing the transformers in your branch of the grid!)  Just drop the inverter units into the drip tray for the emissions valve and decouple the phalanx inverters from the inhibitor (make sure you haven't booted the system in the last 4 hours or you'll be enjoying a trip to the ER) and within seconds your overall output load goes from a light-dimming 6.8GW to 3.3GW.  How and why does this work?

Either way unless someone tells me that I'm about to blow a hole in my second story floor, I'm going to run the Merkel overnight to see if I can get prevariance in the output log.
Unpopular Opinion: This sub hates WAY to hard in Giram-Mesh Transubstrates.One mistake in the 90s doesn't mean every Alpha-Free Oxidation Chamber is going to explode. Get over it. Girsm-Mesh Ts are still the standard as far as I'm concerned for the Helium-Broxym gap insulation.
"Honey, what's that sound?" my wife asked. "Ehm, nothing, sweetheart" I replied, "I'm just observing a Geo Magnetic Field Inverting Plasma Stream in the condensing chamber."nan
Just watched Red Ferries Season 1 ...nan
Question about Preventing Eta-CascadesHi! I'm a graduate student studying under Dr. William Hubert at Coridian University. As many of you know, our lab specializes in analyzing the action-angle geometry of the uncountably infinite-dimensional Hamiltonian manifolds that arise naturally under certain antireductive transformations of the Saarinari Lagrangian for linearized small-perturbative models of nitrofullerenic collapse. Our research in the past has been primarily theoretical, but we finally acquired a VX module that should help us test our theories in December.

Unfortunately, our VX module has an unfortunate tendency to decohere the Eta-superposition of our test sample as a function of the mingle operator, which in turn leads to abelian behavior in the Yang group. Our quasivariational sets become ill-defined, and our MATLAB simulations diverge chaotically for machine-precision epsilon. Because we cannot predict the resonance of the p-adic strings, we fear that a structural cascade might happen and cause localized de-Euclidization of spacetime, with unpredictable and disastrous results. 

How should we modify the VX module's quark reprocessor  to avoid this catastrophic situation? The VX module we are using comes from Calamtech (it's the VXM-2950 model).

Thanks in advance!
Diametric Phase Matrix Leak on Floor Φ**CLASS** **FLAMINGO** **ALERT**:  All personnel with security level clearance divisible by 6 please report to the Multi-sequence Galvatronic Transducer Maintenance bay as soon as possible.  A possible Diametric Phase Matrix Leak has been detected inside the primary epithelial-electric Harris micro-capaciter flange shunts.  The secondary Erik Holst 158 Inverter may also be damaged due to high influx of Vanderphong rays.  

Bring a mop.
Remembering the Analog Pioneersnan
What do you call to amateur VXers reading Booils Third Rule of Hyperconductivity? BOORED!!nan
Big Clive describes how a 3 stage home energy harmonizer and pacifier worksnan
Got my hands on a few Konig-Harris microinductor tube shunts! The things I can do with these...nan
At a vintage electronics store today, came across an original Van Eyck 438. Inverter’s busted, but I picked it up as a project anywaynan
I made a slight mistake. I ordered a BLU-52 from VX-Bay instead of a BTU-51, and now I have a gigantic cluster bomb in my goods inward bay.nan
colorized photo of abandoned transitive-borran reactor. tragic accident, always remember not to heat an ip19 isotope to 340 kelvinnan
Russian Space Magic. SPHYNX combination triploid reployer and reactor, for the businessman on the go.nan
A fellow redditor told a funny story about his Thermoregulator and I couldn't help myself :)nan
What books should I read to understand what any of you are saying?I’m halfway convinced this is like r/brapbarn where people get into ironic conversations, only instead of brap ranchers, this sub’s residents are mirroring the way smart people would speak in a stereotypical science-fiction movie.

Maybe there’s substance in the jargon, I have no clue. Would appreciate books
What happens when I tried to manual desyncronize a cadmium homogenizer this morning:&#x200B;

[Not like he is not a familiar face around the lab, Though.](https://preview.redd.it/zvo17hbp3jf41.png?width=2318&format=png&auto=webp&s=cc7f0dae02fb3ff078264a8132ce4ded103083df)
First pass on the Swansea-Tobin humoptilating liquid prism extruder was successfully tuned. The faculty has approved phase 3nan
"Honey, what's that smell?" my wife asked. I replied: "Ozone levels are peaking, my dear." "Ozone?!, but that's toxic" she said, "don't you have an alternative for your Cathodal Open-Arc shutdown procedure?"nan
It's so hard to make the Q-bars stable!nan
Why does LOBram even do this? I'm never buying any of their products again. ESPECIALLY the GUU-667l.nan
Taking a class in VX simulations, and it's a steep learning curve. I'm trying to do the infamous "torus tutorial" and I asked for help and got....this. Can someone dumb this down for me? You guys seem good at explaining stuff 😩🙏nan
It boosta the emlon range of my modded Alohon78 ok?nan
LKS-792 VX Reactor Bonic Thermal Reaction QuestionSo I recently picked up an LKS-792 Mini Reactor, assembled it and threw it in my kids' room. My kids' room was totally equipped to maintain power for a full year if the power went out.


The issue is the reactor has started to get extra warm in the night. I looked at the reactor's thermal debugger and found the internal bonic reaction is producing _too much energy_. So I reconfigured it to power my whole home instead, which is amazing. But it is still too hot despite the dynamic shielding I added, the polymorphic resistors being tweaked and me resoldering the quartz modulator. I even optimized the dated thermal dissipation equation the processor was using (I don't think it has been updated since the 80's lol). Nothing seems to be working, I just continually get higher and higher power (and thermal) output.


I'm thinking of moving my kids out of their room and buying a 90 square foot carbon cooling chamber as a more permanent solution so that the heat problem doesn't get out of hand. Does that sound like a suitable solution? 


In the meantime my kids are just sleeping in a kid friendly lead case during the night, to shield them from any unintentional radiation caused from the enhanced reaction. My wife is super understanding, since she knew from the start of our marriage that I'm a VX junky and things like an exponential bonic reaction in our kids' bedroom could happen.


I tried to call the support number on the LKS-792 VX owner's manual but I think the company went out of business after a different mini reactor model over-iodized a small community. So naturally, my next instinct was to reach out to the experts -- you guys.
So this is basically the Rockwell turbo encabulator of subreddits I take it?nan
I released ServeVX for the raspberry pi - control your reactor more comfortably! (Notes in comments)nan
Some thoughts on G. Harvey AnwhistleThere's been a lot of undue criticism lobbed at him for his video series on Lewan-Koesering dilation because he was accused of "dumbing it down", but that criticism is totally unfair. Anwhistle is a brilliant INTRODUCTORY source, and he's not trying to reach intermediates or masters (even though he obviously could). And you cannot expect someone teaching beginners to teach them at a higher level. Furthermore, the review brigades on the series on Clapp converters is just plain rude, and made me ashamed to be a member of the community. 

Lastly, and most importantly, I don't think that it's fair at ALL to continue bandying about accusations of plagiarism that have been debunked for 15 years now. Mortimer Reinding's slanderous posts were NEVER PROVEN and should absolutely be dropped.
Anyone need an almost unused LXM-118 placicator for their Higgs Boson generator? PARTICLE ACCELERATOR NOT INCLUDED! (But you DO get the VHS instructional video "I am the operator of my LXM-118 placicator") I could never get it to work though it does in theory.nan
Intermediary Thermal Regulation: Keeping it cool (Full Chapter 1 + Intro/Foreword) [PDF link in comments]nan
Noob questions - imported a Jingshuani VXStation DFX-C9FMAA9B and looking on some help getting startedHi all, new to VX and have been lurking for some time. I finally bit the bullet and got the afforementioned VX all-in-one kit (I know, AIO kits suck, but it was an absolute steal and I'm starting out and upgrading later).

I got the config mostly down but I get sometimes meh results which I'm sure could be improved. For all not familiar with this device, you change most of the settings in a PC software that comes with the station.  
What's weird is that aside from the limited configuration possibilities the kit offers, it won't let me set my Barrotomitian fusing delay manually. Well, sort of. I can choose between early, medium and late. Does anyone know what values these options mean and what would yield the best possible results? I could try all combinations but I don't want to burn out my bulb.

Also it would be super nice if someone would take a [quick look over my settings](https://imgur.com/Tlby387) and see if I missed something that would improve it.

Also, when I eventually need to get a new bulb, should I go for the 0.33 magnoferrite µTexel/s³ one or would the 0.40 one be better for this device?

Thanks!
Anyone read the latest This Quarter in VX?nan
I know basically nothing about this this topic not subreddit. Can someone confirm the validity of the statement below?So I read the ELI5 of this subreddit and what was able to gather was that these VX devices allow you to observe things in their unobserved state?
‘not’ in title should be nor
FlairsCould we get flairs for this sub? Make favourite inversion coupler method?
[Discussion] What are your thoughts on cheap reactors?The commission continues to wage their never-ending war on cheap Chinese reactors, like the Fengbao 5R-UV. 

What do you guys think about these? A great way to get new people into the hobby, or are they just enabling unlicensed and dangerous VX?
I neglected to rotate my haptic plane per the manual, and am beginning to experience input rebounce in HighHigh™-use zones. Is there an aftermarket semi-skid coating that’ll restore my plane’s original FingerFeel®?nan
Re-unifying my hydrogen with itselfHey all, I recently scattered some ions on my hydrogen test bed, and now my Theo brand laser won't diverge properly.

Per the normal procedure with my test bed, I changed the film and re-registered the monitoring nodules, but the divergence of the beams won't mix and instead go into a non-linear pattern that breaks my hydrogen's chain structure.

I did some looking, and just like I hoped it wouldn't: my hydrogen supply was scrambled. It's contaminated with de-ionized hydrogen and is now in a sub-scatter state. Any suggestions on how to re-unify my supply, or should I bite the bullet and filter a new batch?
Very confusedMe and my roommate recently found this subreddit, and are incredibly confused. Were a new media and a math student in uni, but cant make heads or tails of it. We've been unable to figure out what's going on here by ourselves, aside from it obviously being something to do with confusing physics, could anyone tell me what this subreddit is about?
New heavy duty door for the lab 😎nan
Someone on Twitter found a terminal from the ZødoKemsi incident, should I tell them?nan
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMnan
Hubs loves VX... What to do for V-Day??Hi y'all
Newcomer here... I'm checking in because Hubs ("Allen") is a VXer and I want to get him something special for Valentine's Day. I don't know much about what y'all do here... I myself am a post-doc researcher in molecular engineering at Stanford. We like to riff on each other... he calls me a "carbon nerd" and I call him my "quantum genius".

Anyhoo, "Allen" has been talking about replacing his Angürstrom JM-603 interface terminal with a newer model from Japan, but I can't remember which model of Supāku guiding relays has SRT ports. This is non-negotiable, as he recently spent two weeks turning our small(ish) Palo Alto garage upside down to install active SRT cooling. I had to park on the street!

I would love to get him the interface terminal he's had his heart set on as a Valentine's day surprise. Does anybody know which model it is, or have contact information for an exporter? I know that it's a bit of a timing squeeze given the shipping and customs considerations, but I know that if I'm able to pull this off it'll really put a "spark" in our special night. No pun intended. 

Thanks!! 😚
Here's an old find - a reference image of A. Shore's first ever Colchester-Van Buren array. A truly incredible historical reference straight from the VX-TRACK computer used to make the first graphs in 1995. Special thanks to A. Shore's son for giving this to me.nan
DERP! My cousin Jurgan and I wanted to try the Klackenskov time-trimmer/portal experiment but forgot to bring the DC/aAC to 12v car battery adapter to start the darn thing. 580 km each way to our lab to get here. GRRRRR!nan
[Equipment] adapting legacy Imperial gear to Metric rigI have an old r20 hemisphere burner from some long-out-of-business lab in Connecticut called Verford Industrial. It’s mostly stainless steel except for the contacts, nothing fancy. This bit of kit comes from a time when there were no standard part codes and everything was built to 1/4 inch spec.

How do I connect this thing to my Metric-based Jougasaki rig without producing gaps that’ll let out sparks once the term coeff goes over 0.400? I don’t want to fry myself if I can help it.

Yes, I know this is a bad idea. No, I don’t have the $75 to spare for brand-new drag caps.
My hyperoxidized Cadmium-Lithate diverter keeps phasing in and out of its dimensional flux plane. Now it’s partially transcended it’s carbon-doping bed and I can’t get it out. Any advice?nan
Gotta get them all confused from an early agenan
Will this work on a Sherwood Dy6 or will there be some sort Polarization decay?nan
You know, just your everyday Zeiss-Mauer microbeam cabinet - for when you absolutely have to store your files in a BARQQ nodal-free space.nan
[NOOB] How do I stabilize the compressor core temperature on a modded Sherwood YD-6?Yeah, it's a Sherwood, but whatever, I'm a student and literally can't afford anything else. 

A few days ago I got a lithium selenide compressor core to play around with Mohr-Czarnowski decoupling. I hooked it up to the positron emitter and piped the output through a phase-shift filter with a gain of about *β* = 450. I did generate a toroidal displacement field, even if it was pretty weak, so it seems to have broken the Hasegawa limit at least. Unfortunately, it looks like it became entangled with the Reynard containment field and the transceiver began registering a lot of positive feedback, so I turned down the magnetic fiber density to 60 μT/in³, but that did nothing but make my compressor core generate huge amounts of heat. I did manage to bring the compressor temperature down to 680 K, but it's only rated for 700 K and my setup is really susceptible to stray atmospheric charges.
my quantum abberator isn’t working. any ideas?and before you say anything, i don’t wanna hear any “did you try syncing it with the henelon emitter?” my henelon emitter’s macrocradon have just been re-aligned. it must be something else, but what? i hope it’s nothing serious, i’m just testing some simple diagnostic merion experiments (my advisor has me doing research on the Frieda principle). maybe some of you have had a similar problem.
Relationship advice?Hello and thank you for reading in advance; I know this really isn't the place, but honestly I am at my wits end and something needs to change.

I am currently in an amorolateral dyad with K. K and I have been experiencing some cyclopositive emotional gating with increasing amounts of Gottman intolerance for the last few weeks in particular.

I believe this was kicked off by a minor pan-bential rupture, whereby K experienced some ZL-type antiattraction while we were doing some chores. She asked me to help her buffer some excess smurflative purusion left over from an unfortunate interaction with her boss earlier in the day, which I was fine with. Though K was showing good emonamical consistency as we talked, I noticed that she seemed to be experiencing something more deeply troubling than that initially discussed, perhaps ephambulatory cross-dessication or even, I feared, some (multifaceted) tildial phasing. Naturally, I was alarmed; I suggested we hold off and discuss this when I felt like I was better resourced - I had been processing an asymphonic LL incursion for most of the day and wasn't at my best.  She agreed.

Now I am ashamed to admit that I never raised the issue since and I've left it long enough that I think I am experiencing some M-blocking about the whole thing; I actually don't know what I should do! Everything was going so well between us. Now i'm stuck because I don't want to provoke a interpinneal conjugate with K, or worse still a boundaricentric overbration. I had a bad ZL-AA experience in a previous relationship and it never recovered, so I'm feeling a lot of rellial activation even just thinking about approaching this with her. Will this just go away?
Reality shiftSo my Rachton 238 reached 8.6 giga ferrels and overheated. It created some type of temporal distortion loop and I seem to be in an alternate reality.    A reality where it seems this sub is a joke. I’m reaching out to see if there is anyone else in the same situation trapped here as well. I’ve tried re-homing my dry state liquid transistor but I’m not getting nearly enough tetra-Flempz to recreate the initial distortion loop.  Any suggestions or help would be appreciated
Ideas on why i'm experiencing data loss?So i'm currently doing a series of experiments concerning sub-atomic shortwave communication. I've got this huge parabolic antenna mounted on my roof, driven by a standard issue Olson Phonetics driver and hooked up to my personal rig, a modified VX3 model IV. I've been making great progress and the gain returns i'm measuring are excellent, but during the last couple of days i noticed something strange. In a very specific alignment (37° lateral, 12.5° horizontal), my antenna just picks up nothing. Not a single oscillation, not even the slightest bit of the resonance that i get in *any* other position. I've cleaned the contacts on the driver and checked my analytical, all fine.

Am i dealing with some sort of spatial anomaly here? Are sub-atomic oscillations somehow "allergic" to this specific orientation? What's going on? 

I'm going to sleep for now, please leave your ideas here and i'll check back in tomorrow morning.
Caught 'emI bet some of the folks using right handed magnons inside gravity phase shifting amplifier units such as the GRV-42i scratched their head the last few months because none of the readings made sense but the overal signal output is nominal.

I'm one of them and nearly started recabling my whole rig but I just found out why it's happening, some guys are reporting sub-terahertz spin on uniaxial antiferromagnetic crystal!

[https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-1950-4](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-020-1950-4)

>Here we report sub-terahertz spin pumping in heterostructures of a uniaxial antiferromagnetic Cr2O3 crystal and a heavy metal (Pt or Ta in its β phase). At 0.240 terahertz, the antiferromagnetic resonance in Cr2O3 occurs at about 2.7 tesla, which excites only right-handed magnons.

Well duh!
LOL @ VCXA Noobs. This is how you get your lab burned down.nan
Serious Problem; Please Read:nan
I need guidanceI have spent way too much time already trying to dial in my C-ray emitters. I meshed my LPI with the view-screen auditor and got a count of 5.
There are supposed to be 8.
Honestly, a directional beam doesn't detect any.
I need guidance.
Accidentally duped a book and a picture (using Hendelsz 3.0) a bunch of times. How can I run the Hendelsz procedure with an inverse waveform? Worried about copyright violation.nan
Me, in bed: “I’ve followed the Schottky shutdown procedure, now I can sleep without worry.” The two-terminal layer-depleted snap-off diode array I left on overnight:nan
An easy explanation on why a Marksinzy Demodulator easily fix the Oscillation Problem.nan
TIL the Delorean from Back to the future has a VX-A7X StratenHaüss Hybrido-meter just lying near the dashboard. They knew it all alongnan
You guys seeing this? Upper right corner 😍nan
1 A couple of pics of my new 4-stage VX-9701a* multi-field fusor/emitter. Got an awesome deal on it. How about those Poskolov-Wilski radial generators, eh?nan
Should I be concerned?You know how it goes, one slivovitz too many and you think pushing the p value past .6 is an attainable goal..
Now every spider in the lab seems to be offering an opinion, but I can’t speak Czech, so I have no idea what they are saying and my staff have all become a guy called Doug who literally as no clue about anything.
I’d switch It off and on again but the colours are speaking to me and it’s quite beautiful.
I love when r/electricalengineering makes up fake technobabble to imitate us.nan
Correlian Systems is having an Orange Thursday sale on Triquillium vortice stabilizers.nan
Lo and behold, the classic Borisov TL 9835.nan
I’m so triggered right nownan
I saw a bifluxulated thermal meter submerged in thaloshperic mineral glycol today. The Hohn reading was sub-critical at .0436 gla/rdinan
Are these people high? HORRIBLE advice found on local Facebook pagenan
I'm a hobbiest theoretician who just remembered that he derived the VX mechanics equations several years ago (and then intentionally forgot them). Can someone mentor me? I'm afraid of what will happen to me without a mentor.My life is pretty good right now.  Last time, I forgot the VX equations because I was spontaneously shifting worlds.

I committed suicide and then wondered how I survived.  I then examined the equations of quantum mechanics much closer and derived omniverse mechanics.  Then, to stop myself from shifting worlds due to the suicide, I forgot the equations and almost everything about VX mechanics.

Right now, I'm panicking a bit because I'm starting to recall how to derive the VX equations and conflicting memories are flooding into my mind.

Very glad that this subreddit on omniverse experiments exists here, btw.  Don't know where else to go for help.  If my perspective massively shifts again, I'll have to remember this place exists.
I tried to simulate a Donnell-Brückmann event and almost died.TL/DR: Managed to procure activated Pralium-6, metallic debris almost killed me. ALWAYS WEAR PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT.

This happened yesterday afternoon. I can’t even believe I’m alive to tell you about it. I’m typing this from a hospital bed.

Yes, I know Donnell-Brückmann simulations have only been achieved by billion dollar conglomerates with industrial-grade compensators, but the latest beta of Binaryx gets rid of most of the expensive requirements with the inclusion of unsigned floats and procedural deinitialization instructions.

With this new release, I was (and mostly still am) sure that it could be accomplished with a simple R45 compensator, so I went ahead and ordered one last month. It just arrived yesterday and I couldn’t wait to try it out.

So I compiled the beta in question and ran it on my old-but-reliable Collins T300M mainframe (Inverse microquark processor, 64-cell decromulator…more than enough for the job).

I’ve been coding in Bynaryx since 92 so I have years of experience. I made sure all my variables were properly deallocated after decromming. I hooked up the compensator to the mainframe and started compiling. The simulation built without problems and I was about to start celebrating, but as soon as it executed there was a critical overflow of just under 0.33 iV and the compensator blew up scattering activated Pralium-6 particles all over my basement. Every single metallic object touched by the element contracted and expanded in what I thought was less than a second - a typical unstable hyperflux loop.

My heater, my tools, washing machine, piping. It all fired all over the place in a flash. Had it not been for the safety equipment I was wearing, I would have definitely died. Debris from one of the table legs pierced my shoulder and cut my ear lobe, many other pieces flew right by my head. Thankfully I’m expected to make a full recovery. I’m an incredibly lucky man.

I know I’m on the right track accomplishing the simulation (proven by the fact that I managed to procure activated Pralium-6), but it should have been contained inside the compensator and dissipated after printing simulation data.

I’m eager to read your opinions on the subject. What could I have done differently?

Thanks for reading this long post, and stay safe!
pros and cons of using non-VX certified refiners for a project?&#x200B;

It's about -600

https://preview.redd.it/8ha3ss536zb41.jpg?width=1280&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=ed8a70ed909eb53b979af8f04a2df60d212d814a
Anyone else have a rig like this in college?nan
Vx6pro, VX7, or VX7pro?!?I’m a newbie when it comes to volt mods, I’ve done some work on the older model modules at school and (with the guidance of my professors)have been able to achieve Delta readings of between .32-.41, well below Yalgeth’s constant for 4 dimensional space time, but I have a few thousand dollars saved now for my own rig for my house and am wondering which of these would be my best bet? I know the vx6 has some major flaws in resonance due to the omission of the CT6 among other crucial features that allow for more direct wave manipulation in terms of what frequency you’re outputting, but is there a huge difference between purchasing the 6pro compared to the 7 or even the 7pro? I feel like I could save big money picking up a used 6pro and just adapting some ferrocores from a few older models provided they aren’t already spent, I’m just worried that with yttirum quickly outdating even the most current compounds in use that I could be left behind with old technology.  (Please keep in mind that I plan on using this rig to calculate photon/neutrino compilation measures in the upcoming VXpo later this year so it’s imperative I’m able to remain viable competition within reason)
I would like to apologise to everyone and publicly rescind my support of Dr StrassenmeierI took u/Santa_Scout up on their challenge and used the equipment at their lab.

Only six minutes in the polonic spline field hit 1.82 Milgrams/second and it was only with their help that we avoided what the VX Regulatory Commission refers to as a Category 9 Argent Flux Event.

That's not a typo. We came within spitting distance of a Category fucking Nine.

I'm so sorry everyone.
Should we tell this guy most of this stuff of not what he thinks it is? Looks like the spares for a serious rig.nan
So I bought a VX starter set from a store in Shibuya, I spent ¥15,000. Hopefully that was t too much. It came with an arduino and a breadboard. Hopefully I didn’t waste my money.nan
So I recently been trying to get into VX and picked a used “176-semirotorary Sneider Model F”. It has a 3’x3’ oscilloscope, but it’s currently not displaying anything. My guess is that one or the Cavaneir tubes is fried. Any help?nan
My Phorex Meta Detection array appears to be detecting things other than itself. Does anyone know how this could have happened?nan
I always knew there were VX fans among the Star Trek: The Next Generation crewIn this clip from TNG, the Ferengi aliens are trying to take over the Enterprise. Riker confuses them by throwing random jargon terms at them. But is it really meaningless technobabble? Watch for yourself, and try to identify which are VX terms, and which are genuine nonsense.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5EaoSA02LM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5EaoSA02LM)
Having trouble installing a Zentoid DFK-07So today my shiny new Zentoid DFK-07 has arrived (the half-indexed version... I know, I know, I'm a cheapskate, but I don't really need the quasi-posterior frequency feedback, so this seemed like a reasonable choice), and I tried to install it into an A7-F socket in reverse-switched mode (red-blue-white configuration), but the timings are all over the place, they jump up and down between 10 and 400 ms. I double-checked the manual, and measured the contacts (they are clean), and checked the mesostatic fluctuation (it is below .003). I am out of ideas, and after 5 hours of googling, I have given up. Any help, please?

EDIT: the plasma TV was the problem. Thank you for the help.
Re-Injection!?Long story short; I injected 20 0.5 liter canisters yesterday, and today I found out my stabilizer may have been bad and I may have injected the canisters with plain water.

I will have new dispensers from a reputable vendor in 3 days.

My question is can you re-inject CRD canisters 3-4 days (or even a week) after you have tried once like in this scenario? Do i need to re-pasteurize?

I'm trying not to overreact, just trying to prepare in case I've accidentally contaminated my liners  

So far I have installed 40 canisters but have contaminated each and every one. But I am beginning to learn what patience is and will do whatever it takes to become an installer!! I sure got a ton of practice with the first steps of Jorgensen's QR method lol.

My first 20 could have been my fault. I only waited a day after pasteurizing to load, so they were probably still too hot. They were stored in a pretty cold chamber, we got the room to 26 degrees C and waited 6 hours to inject after pasteurizing and kept them on a cool rack. They were no longer remotely hot, so I will know within 4 days if they are busts or not.
Will Any Crap We Put into Graphene Increase Its Electrocatalytic Effect?nan
Two Vyzenskass coils walk into a bar...One goes: I'd like a pint.

Second one goes: We just had a pint in 30.

Barman: 30 what?

Second one: 29... 28...
When the yyitrium in the a11 casus tube turns yellow due to excess levels of citrum 9 in the manifold d50 25th anniversary edition.nan
Its basically a flux-polarization inverter with an additional gold-cermaic alloy MOSFET. Even someone who barely knows how the original series 1 VX (VX-001A) works knows how to solve for the VTH.nan
Accountability (A state of affairs with unregulated online shops)Can we talk about how wildly irresponsible it is that you can buy an Ogden Labs closed-field compiler, or a dual-axis Wernstrom generator without any kind of identification provided, or hell, even a half assed disclaimer?


We're living in a more dangerous world nowadays. Forget about TEENS being able to buy this stuff with daddy's debit card, some nutcase reading half baked instructions on youtube could cause some real damage!


We need to push for some accountability here, and maybe some state level regulation when it comes to Mardsen class devices. I mean, if model rocket hobbists have to have certs for certain classes of rocket, then theres no reason some Johnny-off-the-street should be able to just order a Keter Industries phasic modulator with nary a question. 


At this point we're just begging for another Merzowitz incident.

Edit: [case in point](https://i.imgur.com/r9nOPza.png)

My son, without my knowledge was able to buy a stratified Geller module *with the crystalized amyllium catalyst shipped in the chamber* as pictured.

 **SHIPPED. IN. THE. CHAMBER.**


Because, and I quote, "I saw * insert screechy youtuber * phase shift a goldfish and I knew i could go viral by phasing Eddie." (Our family cat)
Co-state anhydrous particle regeneratornan
Doctor Strassenmeier has been stealing ideas and theories for decades and im sick of itnan
When a VXer tells you they are still using a Stiltsten Port deChromulator....nan
Anyone else getting real tired of United RadioTech continued insistence of keeping non-enterprise tier Upsilon wave inverts locked below 4.5 CentiReinhearts.For those doubting me, 6.5 CentiReinhearts has been the standard for other companies (namely Centennial Spheres Co. and the Ohio Radiokenetics Company) since 1995. and yet I keep hearing supposedly "seasoned" VXers Claiming that they are still the company making cutting edge UWIs, and frankly, their enterprise teir offerings are beginning to disappoint as well!
Be careful if you’re performing any ferrocore accelerometer calibrations tonight if you live in the western United States.The gravitational pull of the moon made my Z-axis numbers zero out to .038 nanometers off of centre. Going to try again in the morning.
Doctor Strassenmeier is a genius and the father of acroclinic translugubriation desynchronicityDon't @ me haters. You know I'm right.
When the Zylion Pro Plus reads the eatheriom levels of the unattainium as Zingon Plus instead of Zingon Common.nan
As long as my Hebbian sigma flux is stable, I don't care...nan
Co-state anhydrous particle regeneratornan
AX T12 carriers are so last decadenan
For those following the VX news of the past couple weeksnan
My old Arranger-Demodulator’s blue rig blew up in my apartment and had a slight discharge of Opheneiser fluid. Should I call the poison center to get my house checked or is it fine to clean it on my own?nan
Monopole Rodenheim field generator?Last week someone was posting about Hans Rodenheim and I remembered that one of the things I got from my grandfather when he died was a Heathkit "Mono-Pole Rodenheim Field Generator" still in the box, with only the bakelite plastic control box assembled (with what looks like epoxy, thanks Grandpa).

If I wanted to, could I power this from my normal rig 670 and possibly use it as a sub-critical calcium flux repository? Would a Rodenheim field be able to actively contain that? Or is this more something just for the history books?
Trying to explain current and emerging VX tech to a friend. Thoughts on what I have so far?The basic solution for controlling a VX system is to use a flared gyro-scoping telemeter, designed for the relatively slow response times in ventral softening or thermodisilation. The telemeter controls a thermal actuator which allows more or less heated or cooled plasma particles into the pressurized conical chamber. In most cases, the ionocasing is mounted inverted, to allow for lower pressure in the chamber.

To control the temperature in multiple devices, a more advanced control solution is required. The lead fusion tubes are connected to a Master Controller. Every output on such a Master Controller controls a thermal actuator, fitted on a valve or manifold insert corresponding to a certain gyro.

The most advanced VX and ionoplasma control systems add a variety of special features to the Master Controllers in order to optimize energy efficiency and user comfort. DionTech, for example, offers a combined 24 volt & wireless superconducting plasma converter control system with several modules and accessories, allowing advanced cooling control, demand-based supply temperature and much more.
Somewhat new to VX. Didn't properly calibrate the delta ipsoids while building an antifunctor synthesizer with the Krôm pattern. Nothing went wrong at first but I woke up to this cat in my apartment. I don't own a cat. Should I be worried about more functor drift? The cat is not destabilizing...nan
Don't freak out, but I need some (urgent) help: My H-Array is undergoing a Class D Stoichiogluonic InversionSo my problem's in the title. I'll keep it quick:

* Neltzer-Moray Field generator at 32kW

* Ionostabilizers projecting at 21MHz

* Refractive Segmentation is well under 3.2%

Already tried

* Degaussing Delta distributors

* Synchronizing the H-Array's primary *and* tertiary coils

* Bridging the G-tile phase deluminator to my closed ground armature

* Just unplugging the entire primary Bellisario Waveform Diode from my central power supply
If you plan on using German superconductors.I work for the only German producer of superconductors ( I don't know if the mods allow mentioning company names). Lately our products have become quite popular in the VX community due to their high and stable IC and low cost per area/ energy density.

  


I just wanted to let you all know that it is best to contact only one side of the conductor when installing it in your rig. The side containing the YBCO and all the buffer layers is the one with the red markings at either end. If you don't see any markings you take the side with the flawless, shiny Ag-layer. The silver on the other side is scratched and underneath it is only one layer of buffer and no YBCO.

  


I hope I could help someone with this. Sorry for my bad English. If any of you have questions I will try to answer them.
I still do the math, it's more fun.nan
I think this might be the missing data from the 1951 Ø event at Richardson Labs?nan
Look at this beauty.nan
Recently found this site, they have a amazing selection of hard to get components for your VXnan
Noise feedback issueIm getting unwanted noise in my output. I was thinking it could be a ground loop issue, so i tried dissconecting my VX  Chevron Encoder (which is running v0.08333) but that didnt fix it. Any suggestions?
Need some advice on dusting off the old rigHey everyone, I could use some advice.  I used to spend a lot of time and money on my VX rig, but life got in the way and I had a kid.  Now that kiddo is old enough to look after herself I'm looking to get the thing working again, but it's been sitting in storage for a long time and it's suffered a lot of environmental damage, mostly from humidity.

The biggest problem I'm working on is that the Hughes-Nelson hexaphosphorous intake has a lot of oxidation - I know the usual solution for that is giving it a solid blast of power from the main alpha-wave dipole, but the main dipole itself is in pretty bad shape and I'm worried about it losing polar cohesion.

I can't afford to replace the parts right now, so I'd appreciate any tips on what else I can try to fix this problem first before I get to the other bits and pieces that need repair.
Internal oxidation dynamo is making weird noisesI need some help.

Last night when I pulled the rip cord on my internal oxidation dynamo to start it up, instead of the usual melodic flagellations that we all know and love, it made a rather unusual noise. It was something like: "kerSCHUNK shaLAka shaLAka shaLAka" followed by a "flaBLONG" and then it sputtered ionized petroleum jelly and spun down.

Did I install too many cathodes?
[Release] v0.08333 driver update for VX Chevron EncoderChangelog:

* Removed feature where distillation tank would spontaneously catch fire and explode, due to numerous complaints
* Added feature: device can now encode chevrons that are upside-down
* Fixed issue where intoxicating the driver would cause frequent fatal crashes
* Fixed issue where the Schrödinger emitter was alternately killing and resuscitating users' housecats
* Encoder now runs 12% more efficiently when mounted in a room with sufficient feng shui
* Removed several bugs, and threw them back into the yard
* Introduced several new bugs to improve composting productivity
* Miscellaneous fixes and improvements...

You can download the driver or order a copy on VHS at the usual website.
Vx not reading tapeMy old vx has a problem where the tape is constantly flicking/glitching. So I got a new one and it was working fine but now my new one isn’t reading tapes now. Could anyone help me with either of these issues?
When the supra-colloidal zeffrin reactors produce a semi-temporal demi-singularity in your local non-euclidean spacetime mesh lmaonan
Brand new VX Junkies January edition magazine!nan
2020 resolutions- Reduce transferase catalysis in fuel by modifying the proportions of benzoammonium nitroaromatic compounds;
- Build a reducto-transcatalysis engine to reduct transferase catalysis;
- Try to switch from benzoammonium fuel to gauss powered interfield engine in order to avoid transferase catalysis.

It's been just 4 days into 2020 and everybody is talking about the "new" Oppenheimer model; looks like this year started great for everybody except for me: still trying to fix 2019 problems and all the stereochemistry happening in the combustion chamber...

GODDAMMIT TRANSFERASE CATALYSIS!
When are they going to announce the VXCon 2020 schedule of talks?Last year's talks were great (except for that last bit... the folks in the front row of Dr. Malheim were washing that gunk off for weeks... glad no one was seriously hurt!)
Rodenheim and rowfusion attractorsBack after a long involuntary break after a mishap of the old tetranax rotator. I'm kind of surprised to find no mention of the works of Hans Rodenheim any more. I was going to base my next rowfusion attractor on the principles of vectoral momentum, but I might be terribly old fashioned in that regard. How would you guys go about constructing a hypertensioned gauss field with subquant actuator in a 1-1 configuration?

There should at least be some attribution to Hans Rodenheim in the stickies since he was such a driving force behind this community.
Urainian VX defibrillators users be likenan
The new issue of VXTREME is in production! Here's a teaser of what's gonna be in it - and yes, that is the Hector P. Yalgeth we have an interview withnan
Looking for help solving a mystery ( Details in the post). I'm taking a huge risk posting this in public. Hope I found the right subreddit.First off, I don't know anything about this vxjunkies subreddit. Found it randomly in a youtube comment. I'm glad I did.

I just needed to get this off my chest. I know it has nothing to do with VX systems in particular, but I just have this feeling deep in my gut that you are the people I've been looking for all my life.

On with the story.

So a "friend" of mine tells me this story about a mysterious notebook he found written by an engineer that was working on an experimental deep water oil rig. It sounded like he was speaking another language. Anyway, I just want to know if any of this is real or not. This is about all I could remember:

In this notebook he talked about how they were having issues getting the crossposix lamular tubes located in the underbelly of the jigging-station to remain stable at high temps. A high capacitance bridle sock which is octal-coated by their patented fire retardant Thermgel system was then put in place. That was a short victory until they found it just moved the problem down the line.

Whenever clock-wise adjustments to the haley-bolt on the petty shunt were made it was to avoid cross-lateral attitude scantering. Partly because this gave it anti-listing properties. So they deployed a high frequency gern motor in Hodkins-phase. It seems that was stabilizing their earlier issue as well, but the polyglide retro grottle would begin to create over-logic in the prism guidance system. If that wasn't bad enough, he describes how the semi-fluid maiden-joint broke after they magthrusted a nagging sensor. This only caused degrafade in the trans-lateral lo-bar motor. Days later they noticed veering coloidence interference. On one occasion he peered down the oggle-shaft and found the housing of the outer-joist of the brundle-fly-wheel misallignd.

I don't really recall much more and I don't know about the spelling. It was all a bit over my head so I was hoping some of you guys could break it down. I have a suspicion it's someones idea of a joke just writing nonsense mumbo jumbo, because who puts housing on the outer-joist?! Who knows. But it could be something ground-breaking.
The "classy" move for us VX old heads!nan
Just finished the first work of 2020 #tenyearschallengenan
Guys I need helpWhat is this and is it real please HELP
It really do 🅱️ like thatnan
Gordon Freeman's Thesis: The Observation of Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen Entanglement on Supraquantum Structures by Induction Through Nonlinear Transuranic Crystal of Extremely Long Wavelength (ELW) Pulse from Mode-Locked Source ArrayI have recently found out that Gordon Freeman himself, got his Ph.D in theoretical physics with this thesis:  The Observation of Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen Entanglement on Supraquantum Structures by Induction Through Nonlinear Transuranic Crystal of Extremely Long Wavelength (ELW) Pulse from Mode-Locked Source Array. In your honest opinion, do you believe this thesis was valid? Do you think it was good enough for him to get a Ph.D?
Nothing ruins a good thursday night of working on the rig like hypozerodizing the subplatonic nanotubes to Z=1.05+E7 and the subtranslusent XY graph it spits out ends up looking like this. Nothing sucks more than manually calibrating the flubonic nanotubes up to trionic harmony, amirite?nan
Old poster for VX convention in prague- 95. Clearly gone through some Δε type tachyon decay.nan
New insights regarding C-state fractality simulationsToday, most of us take for granted that the colmobonal density dictates the computational accuracy of C-state fractality simulations and that this density is indeed constant throughout the whole Xocculan decay phase. 

However, it has been shown at our local meetings, that the colmobonal density actually varies depending on baryonic flow through ANY linearly polarized and phase invariant magnetrons that are part of the system. This, of course, limits how well we can assess the simulation’s accuracy.

Has anybody else encountered similar effects?
How are you going to tackle this problem in your setups? Any ideas that might be cost effective?
Mainstream Media picking up on some VX worknan
Can't believe this commercial rig set up so close to windows! Don't they know that if the Feltum adapters go into hyperflux, they risk any passing pedestrians being torn to shreds by the resulting visuosyncopathum? I've reported it to the authorities, but they're too busy with amateurs at QuantCon.nan
How can people say shit like thisnan
What a novel idea: An eco-friendly all-natural resonator matrix for an NMEAC Aura Power System! This could keep hundreds of pounds of hathoilium oxide out of our local landfill alone! Why hadn't I thought of it first?nan
My first post, pertaining to a proven postulation on Bexium 92 centre drilled Rod Junctions. How they are superior to Bexium 90, almost.Hello! I’ve recently found this sub Reddit and and am thrilled with the fact I have more like minded people to discuss all this with. 

I’ve always worked alone but have some great upgrades and test results I could share. Specifically when it comes to Bexium 80+. 

Yes I do have some theories about what happened with Bexium 91 but I’d rather run some more tests to confirm if the left of center, drilled rod junctions were the true culprit. (I don’t believe the fake news either).

Anyway on to the main part, Bexium 92 rod junctions! I’ve got a few that have gone trough most of the testing regiments. Wear of the Wexandull metal casing (the 2” opening on the back side centre hole) clearly beats Bexium 90. 

The cost difference and manufacturing time could be negligible to many but don’t forget how common Bexium Rods are. Yes it’s an “out of sight, out of mind” sort of situation but when put into practice with all the big conglomerates, savings will add up. I think it’s worth looking into for the adaptability of these rods.

Thoughts?
Has anyone tried to regulate a Falstöm Manipulation Gauge with Tsarkovsky's Current Amplifier?I've read that most people with a Falstöm Manipulation Gauge regulate with a classic ZT Conscriptor, but I feel like swapping with Tsarkovsky's Amplifier because it could create more efficiency due to the greater voltage being applied to the quantum multiplying resistor of the Manipulation Gauge. 

If this ends up working, I might just be able to disprove Fezmann's fourth principle.
A rare working example of a Lehman-Zabinksy Ohmic Transfer System, Class 1A I believenan
Need some adviceI really want to create a mutually ionic bifurcated carbonic output but am trying to decide between adding an acedotive stabilizer or an ion defurbulator to my Spiel rig... obviously the benefit of the ion defurbulator is that it will siphon out the negative delta waves in addition to bifurcating the carbonic particles, but I’m not sure it’s totally worth the extra $300. Do you guys thing the acedotive stabilizer will suffice? My fear of course would be an overload to the shock control port which might mean I would have to replace the whole rig... has anyone tried this? What are the results?
[MEME] Made this because it happened to me literally 5 mins ago 😬nan
Hey everyone!I’m new to this subreddit and honestly I have no clue what it’s about but I wanna know.
IT WORKED! The 6xTB circuit failed during a Charpentier test, replaced it with wired Bergström wave resistors. Had to jump start the capacitator from a LiME type 7.8 batterynan
My grandpa managed to fix a broken RH-Transistor with an old Soviet coin!nan
[SERIOUS] Strong support for DIYers who use LEGO blocks to insulate their paradonic subversion chambers from absulcation reactorsnan
So jealous of the folks at VX Labs who play with beauties like this ND Tokai-Kamioka Flux Transformernan
Gold-palladium ion detector gave false positives, found the source! Details in comment.nan
Yttrium vs Molybdenum as an insulator for triple-phase EMI oscillators?Obviously both are available on the market but the Yttrium ones tend to cost way more. I’m wondering what the difference is if I’m running an EMI with an alternating flux of about -3i *10^5 to 3i*10^5 (Ignoring the Jacobean constant because it basically reduces to one in this use case anyway). Can I get away with Molybdenum here?
Built a micro-fabricated capacitive hyper reactor.nan
Automat QuestionVx
Hi junkies! I managed to get my hands on (dont ask...) an authentic Automat Diplosphere (mark 2, build in europe, wired in the US, serial #17B8) but for some reason I get >.5 gigadips on the rear concentrator LOP instead of a more normal ZAW uniform channel readout like .7~ over the load capacity fed by the kreuzer HUF input line. Did I get a bad one? Any tips to improve the crosschannel isolation for the random particle enhancer are welcome too, I think the scatter is creating a larssen feedback situation that might become unstable over time.
Thx!
Just got this bad boy for just $50 at a thrift store!nan
Noticed an old Sims VX reference.So back in.. whatever year, Sims 3 had a Medieval game with two religions. Jacoban and Peteran. Back then, I didn't know enough about VXing (just stuff I heard from my uncle and his friends) and it literally hit me TODAY that it had to be a reference to the big war between Jabobv and Peterz thoughts to manufacturing the same parts for the same reasons. Much like Betamax and VHS, a winner quietly emerged and the loser became an interesting footnote.

Except nobody gets Peterz parts or uses that math for novelty or nostalgia.

Anybody have stories from back then about Peterz or VX references that went over the general populace heads?
Newbie, whose dream it is to make some plufoniumWell, my transmottagrapher is all fired up, and I figure this plufonium stuff should come easy, but... very unstable.  Probably an issue with the regulator on the spirography fluid, I'm guessing...

Anyone have any luck making plufonium before?  I've only seen ever seen it.

Honestly though.  I'm pretty much a complete newbie.  I don't know know where to begin.
Will this work with my current build, or should I just return it?My family did our gift exchange this morning, and to be honest my parents are pretty clueless when it comes to VX stuff (mom once got me a guassian proto-matrix instead of a galvinized one...) but they try their best and I try to be as specific as possible with my wish list. 

So this year, my big request was a MSO-91 with built in defragging and 17.4 gN of capacitance. I know they aren't the easiest component to find, so I was still grateful when they instead got me a MSO-89 that the salesman told them "was basically the same as the 91 for everything except hyper-renders," which is obviously a load of bullshit he was peddling to get rid of old inventory.

I needed the 91 for a throughput inverted Carter Mk2 system. My question is, is there anything I can do with the 89 that might make it work in my build, or should I just eat crow and tell my folks they got ripped off?
Not sure if this is the right sub butI have an issue with my spectroanalytic fume regulator, and I was hoping someone else here might be familiar.

Before you ask, yes I've tried adjusting the static input on the Watkinsian electrostat, but I'm still getting readings upwards of 50 gigaplancks. Any assistance will be greatly appreciated!
I need you guys to break a tie for me.My friend says that VX stopped selling their classic tri-wave phasor to make room for their line of hyperbolic gradient emitters. 

I say it’s because nobody wants to buy them anyway since we’ve fully realized Wert’s 3 laws. 

I need some experts to set the record straight here.
Post-tempered readout shows my uCLD might have Cheng interference? Where could it be coming from?For reference, my uCLD is non-polarizing, which I thought was supposed to explicitly prevent Cheng interference? If it's still getting through, what's the point of paying extra for a non-polarizing model if I still have to filter my metascrapes?
[serious] Be responsible, people.This community started attracting people who think this is some kind hoax and play along.

Please, don't blindly follow any advices you don't understand. Do your own research and verify information.

Last but not least, don't mislead people. If you are not sure, don't give fake advices for upvotes.

People, be safe.
I hate what back to the future did to the flux capacitorNow whenever I tell people I’m working with one, they start talking about time travel instead of the hypercurve modulation inside a Jacobv ring
This toy store has a Navorite vault installed on the ceiling.nan
simple question: what is the difference between the megasphere and the metasphere?nan
Should I use Faknenium_v5 or Sahefilom*8 for Telinehit readings?Trying to set up a Teline reactor to better pick up Gawken transmissions. But I only have a Faknenium_v5 unit and a Sahefilom*8 unit at the moment, not sure which one would work better.
How to reduce ¥ Flux without flooding my workspace in Pol Radiation??? (Time-sensitive question)Soooo when trying to replicate Pol's famous 1889 experiments concerning the effects of gluon interactions with the Paxim field, I may have dialed the retrocursor by hand instead of using the included rotation mechanism. Long story short the reaction went haywire and stabilized at 0.0919¥ but I'm extremely worried it'll increase uncontrollably soon. Ideas?
Anyone else's hypotonic microbe diffuser seeming a bit off?I get that the cosmic shift of the Earth's vertical latracies would cause a shift of around ~0.3Ω, but I'm getting a shift of 1.4Ω per rotation. Is this something to be concerned about?
Found this great animation to visualize mornington axion density across a finnial bentulatornan
Bit of advice needed...Hi guys,

  


So last night I was tuning an old, 50's style Ziemann flange to get it ready for installation in my Flittington device. To be honest I was surprised I was able to find one surplus as these units were never produced in great numbers commercially.

  


Anyway, halfway through the Barnaby procedure there was a loud pop, specifically resonating at 1300hz for a duration of 237ms. Unexpected, but as it had followed on from the Howe cycle completion I thought it was nothing to worry about. This morning though, prior to installation, I noticed a small amount of Carrington fluid on the inside of the cam chamber and upon further investigation with a tube scope I found a series of striations on one of the lapped plates. I fear there may also have been a leakage of Klystron.

  


Given the small initial exposure, should I speak to my doctor? To be honest, I'm feeling fine, and I wasn't in the same room overnight, but I'm a little worried. Also a bit pissed off and embarrassed that I may have bought a cheap counterfeit flange...
My work is bringing in a Borsch-Rosenstein mylator (the newest type with a Jacobv loop and quantised fibrulation) and I can’t wait to see it in action. Can’t afford this one at home!nan
When you need to fine-tune plasma flow by adjusting the inner valve on the Kuznetsov design loopback injection conduit.nan
Absolute megaunit VX builds from my last job. [OC]nan
It’s amazing to see how far we’ve come in the world of VX in recent decades. Pictured here are the internals of the very first Prio-Nucleic Destabilization Unit ever produced (Morotech 1976). As you can see this unit lacks a PIC (Plasmodium Induction Chamber), a staple in modern VXing. Magnificent.nan
The result of a group project to try and get convincing VX simulations running on something as basic as a Raspberry Pi. The jumper cables aren’t shielded, so they’re providing magnetic field and Antiamwise flow information from the general area. Python and Bash then take over calculations. Thoughts?nan
I think this guy is running VX Series .307 production methods?nan
Our memes are leaking into r/AskElectronicsnan
Struggled for a week with my fleurolux ambulation but once I got this section properly set, she ran like a beaut! Just a reminder to never let your setbacks stop you :)nan
Finally completed the assembly of my paravoltaic carboxylitic subphase controller. 99.9% recycled aside from the ƒåœler valves that were sourced from a military depot. Any feedback on how to prevent the contraplasm relay diodes from burning out constantly would be much appreciated!nan
I need your help.Before I continue with this, i need to say the following: I can not get any authorities involved! They likely wont know what to do anyway and I will only end up doing many years of prison or worse, years of  "voluntary K-Particle clean up" which will deteriorate my lifespan significantly.

So here is the deal. My setup went into full Tri-Nuclear Meltdown at a scale of Z27, thats bad alright. You might think, how is this not on the news? I live in the Australian outback so it might take a while before others see it but its beginning to form neoflux waves over my house which make it too visible and i think people will find out soon.

Essentially what happend is that i tried interchanging the outertube between my Hogifier and Hyper-X Integrator. Now you might think thats not a big deal but I messed it up and in a setup as large as mine (not trying to flex but its got 8 cores) thats not any good. Dryfluids are leaking out and i think the radiation is killing everything in a 40.000 foot radius and expanding quickly.

Does someone have a way to quickly get rid of the dryfluids without anyone noticing? It is starting to leak into the ground beneath my house. I might only have 48 hours to do it or otherwise its out of my control and then its not just me and the kangaroos problems...
Strange lightMy grandpa had a really old VX that wasn’t working properly so i tried to replace the fourier transformer but the wave output was off the charts and now its glowing green and idk what to do, is it a knockoff machine or something? I cant reach the power switch and the lights starting to spread
My cat threw up a hairball in my Reznov-Tartkovsky gamma loader. What do I do?I accidentally left it open because I needed to get my Alpha-Beta converters. I came back, and to my horror, saw my cat cough it up in there. I shut the container in a state of desperation and now my VX is making weird noises. What do I do?
Finally got my FP filter to converge to (semi) reasonable values! Haven't reached that g_3 < 1e-3 milestone, but I'm getting closer!nan
What is the difference between an ISO Cell Series A and an ISO Cell Series B? I want to buy one for the Hypoaccelerator me and my dad are building in the garage but I also want to make sure I get the right part and all.nan
I can’t believe it, but I broke the brand new Frontal Particle PerfulatorI know. Fucking sucks. Just got the damn thing and it’s already broken. What can I use to fix it? There’s not a chance in hell I’m buying a new one since they are so rare and expensive.
Dafuq...What in the hell is this sub even about!? I've read a couple posts to try an figure it out. But, that just confused me even more.
Clueless Redditor Stumbles upon a Millinger Harmonic Transformeratornan
My Dad is such a Fucking DickI'm so pissed right now. I just started getting into VX stuff the last couple of months and I've bought a bunch of equipment and I've been having a ton of fun.

My dad's been mostly chill about it but this morning he came into my room and absolutely FLIPPED. I accidentally left my proto-Vidact instantiated overnight and it had a started to accumulate a few non-platonic flagella (which like, whatever big deal).

He started screaming at me about how I was "threatening local Graham stability" and how I was irresponsible for "*filling the house with rogue Paulson particulate*" (bullshit) and took all of my stuff and locked it in his closet.

So now here I am with a brand new formant dilator still in the Amazon box with absolutely nothing to use it on.

I should mention my VX6 had the updated 21.16+ firmware installed so it already had over-instantiation protections in place so it's not like anything bad was gonna happen anyway.

Oh and to add insult to injury after taking all my stuff away he hands me a book on Functional Waveforms and tells me to "start reading" like I'm a fucking child.

Anyway am I the asshole here or is completely overreacting??
Just got into VX, have some questionsIs it normal for the Quadristable 2600VX omniflux processor to do this when over clocked?

https://images.app.goo.gl/r2h9mKm7LvEwh5Kb7

Anyone live in my area? Might like to meet up sometime when civilisation rebuilds.
Is everyone here roleplaying?I have no idea what a VX is, but have of these terms make no sense to me and nothing comes up when I google them. Can someone explain this subreddit to me?
Score! Found this at a local junk shop for $150. Shop owner didn’t know what he had!nan
Classic joke my grandfather used to make"Hey, could you pass me the the Spindle Rotator?"

"I could, but the 27-500y would have already had a GY-Meltdown!"

Classic.
Which VX technology is going to bring about a tech revolution in the coming decade?My money is on sigma topology, although I have to admit I am biased, since this is what I'm currently working on.
What was your first VX experience?Was just looking at another thread on here where a user linked some old YouTube videos on VX for beginners and it got me feeling all nostalgic. My question is what was your first time you dove into the world of VX?

Posted mine as a comment in the other thread but I’ll paste it here as an example:

Mine was when I was just a Vix-kiddie messing around with my first inverted roto-phonic encabulator after my high school classes.

It only threw out 1.057 μT and I ended up blowing the modulation valve some months after putting it together but man was it an experience. It’s funny to look back on now a days and see how much of a novice I was back then. I even stole a delta electrode transducer from my IT classroom to try and reduce drag on the faraday inductor!
Might revive the most popular 80s VX magazine as a graphic design exercise - First issue is going to be on Nordenbrook principles!nan
is $2600 dollars a good price for a new in-box Kopalmen/Ranscalf pulse fold harmonizer?I've got a guy who is offering it to me at $2600,
Great diagram of exact structure of VX core crystalline filter.nan
I’m new here, just looking for adviceHello! I am new to the exciting world of VX. Honesty I hadn’t even heard of it before until my older brother gave me a Flammel-Zeitung Modulator and explained how it worked, and I was instantly hooked. Where should I go from here?
Is it me or is easier to VX after having few borgsmen cocktails. I mean these things have enabled me to get bet florzon stabilasaztion than ever before.nan
Update: Utterly gutted (and a question on Bertzhold injunctions...)Thanks to a very generous member of this community, my setup is now back up and running after a critical latent inference surge killed rig early last week ([original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/e9efw7/utterly_gutted/)). I thought it was game over for sure but after a long and sweaty weekend, it lives!

Here are some post repair pics for the curious (went macro on the components for you lucky people):

[Capacitance Grid](https://imgur.com/9iXCXDW)

[Final Cromulent Rotation Bearing](https://imgur.com/a/K08jrxh)

[T](https://imgur.com/a/avxHdS5)[rammel Matrix](https://imgur.com/a/avxHdS5)

[Floating Bi-Valve Opertron Condensor](https://imgur.com/a/tivXoQT)

[Full Rig Post Repair](https://imgur.com/a/MPgL4bq)

They key parts that have been added in our collaboration are an up-rated capacitance grid and a floating bi-valve opertron condenser (I know!!) and my question is this:

Should I expect to see an increase in subliminal Bertzhold injections when the opertron is in an open state?

&#x200B;

My standard non modified data set is giving me readings in the upper 93rd percentile which looks good on paper but still leaves significant room for improvement. That said, it raises some major questions about the efficacy of the transinductive diffusion beacon and the Krutzfeld lurid acromatic infibulator (an older method I know but it's always been my preferred plange for acoustic droplet injection since the V3 days). Lets put it this way, I was expecting at least 98th percentile readings with this configuration.

Am I just being paranoid here or should I be looking to perform a full retroactive defabrication to reduce the macro level dithering i'm seeing on the trammel matrix and the minor play issues on he new final cromulent rotation bearing? Just to note, the upper and lower cadmatic blitter plinths are now fully stable with a cool +-0.0000000914 Rn variance (impressive and very unexpected precision!)

&#x200B;

I can't risk another surge at this stage, once is enough for a lifetime and I just want to be sure before moving forward. Any insights would be very much appreciated
Who are these idiots?A few years ago someone fucked around with some Highwave Nickeldefluctuators. He probably forgot to enable his \^-quark2 defluctuator. This made a lot of strange noises and the public was very concerned. He probably stopped doing it. However, someone else did it a few days ago and the noise has returned, making the public even more concerned.   
I think we should learn new VX-ers to always use a \^-quark2 defluctuator when dealing with negative prositon division.  

Thanks for coming to my ted-talk. Video with footage: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uyZd9UDfoE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uyZd9UDfoE)
Can we please get this sub back to reality?I don't know what's been happening lately, but I've noticed all these posts about fictional technology appearing on this sub. Right now the highest voted post today [is about time travel](https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/ea78dw/ever_since_21_september_2023_my_temporal/)?? 

I know in the past we occasionally have some random person show up and think this is some sort of science fiction and just write a bunch of garbage, but those posts usually get downvoted pretty quick, or the mods delete it.

I'll be honest, I've never actually got involved with VX directly. I'm not a super nerd like many of you, I know my limitations and that VX can be dangerous. I've never even touched a VX device in my life, but boy do I enjoy the community and the VX memes. I have enough of an understanding of the tech to appreciate a surprise pikachu meme about attempting to dial gamma harmons to sub-16 values. I chuckle at the brain IQ memes about stripping insulation layers off of coagulant seals.

But when these nonsense posts about time travel get voted up, am I just missing something here? Is there actually some punchline I'm missing about micro-wave oscillations, or is this a weird reference to the Tsiolkovsky experiments I'm not understanding? Either way, can we get this sub back to reality and continue talking about real science and the amasing experiements you guys are doing, otherwise this whole sub just becomes a joke.

PS: If anyone can explain the meme about the non-cylindrical helix dampener I'd appreciate it.
I'm looking for a career in VX and I was wondering what path I should takeLike the title says I'm a student and I was wondering what would be best for a career in VX.  I've heard good things about applied brahe-waveform modeling but it honestly looks a bit boring so maybe something in bimetric nonderivative analysis?
FIL upgraded rig as a gift... fried some bits. Looking to trade.Hi,

I was away for a few days and my FIL greeted me with the surprise that he’d replaced my Von Neumann damping subsystem with a new model that has a higher Lipschitz constant and thus gives a lower void coefficient in the whole system allowing operating safely at higher frequency... In theory. 

Obviously he was super excited about his gift, and it was definitely an upgrade. The only issue is that well, my harmonic stabiliser is kinda old and the condition number just isn’t good enough to keep the system stable at the higher Lipschitz constant... Long story short my spectral loop is fried.

Does anyone have a spectral loop and VN stabiliser to trade? Has to be able to take Lipschitz 6 or above and ideally run at 5THz, but a bit lower is fine.

Can swap other parts.
Ever since 21. September 2023, my temporal globulation has been wayyyy offWill any of you have this issue anytime soon? I'm about to try everything in the manual for my device (the nameplate just says "S0VX") but it's not going to work. I am afraid I have been completely crushed in the local loop unless I undid this mess before it fully settled.
Kids these days have no respect!nan
Elon Musk just tweeted a joke about VX!nan
Lost work of James VirginYesterday I was going through some of VX stuff that my dad owned before he passed away. There wasn't much I found of use really. Some vintage shirley 2.3 scaffolding and a monocube were really the only things that stuck out to me. The rest of the stuff was covered silocellasax fluid so It was mostly just eroded. But in one of his folders I came across a pamphlet titled "Stellar Waves". It was covered in fluid and I honestly thought it looked pretty stupid at first but I started to read through it and brought my attention to an idea I've never heard before. It talked about starting a sequential breach of a mainline numerical code set and reducing it down to within a point of a g-ratio. This, using only a basic wave field relation kit. How to do so is illegible due to the fluid on the book. I tried asking around about it but all I have to go on is the name James Virgin and no one seems to have heard about him or his methods. Has anyone else heard of him or is this just some crank peddling griff rations? I'd really be interested in it if it was. Please if anyone knows more about Virgin, let me know.
Utterly guttedHi. Long time lurker, first time poster.
I’ve been a life long VX hobbyist (I started on the V2 with my dad at age 7 which shows you how old I am!) and have invested a lot of time and money into my current beloved setup. 
Many of the optimizations and tweaks I had running were thanks to the  brilliant minds of this sub but after all these years it seems that I’ve come to the end of the road


A couple of days back I noticed my trammel matrix was experiencing temperature spikes and throwing unexpected slintz recorporation values to the upper and lower cadmatic blitter plinths 
(only +-0.007 Rn but still enough to raise an eyebrow).
No problem I thought, a simple de/reflux and she’ll be good as gold. Standard stuff.


After the reflux procedure completed, I topped off the mag levels and verified that the VX RX was receiving nominal pulse variance levels. Then I fired up the final cromlant rotation bearing and everything was back to normal for all of 20 seconds.
I don’t know how my Reigold meter didn’t pick up on it but the both reticulum AND the inverse syncopator cascaded and caused a critical latent inference surge!! (And [here’s what’s left of the syncopator](https://i.imgur.com/EkwLv2c_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&amp;shape=thumb&amp;fidelity=medium))


I was beside myself. Utterly gutted.
After all this time it’s a rookie mistake and an oversight that have essentially taken me out of the game. There’s no way I can afford to fix it and the cascade has fried the capacitance grid to boot so it’s back to  basics for me. 
Message me for parts requests. I don’t know what’s salvageable at this stage as I’m too depressed to bother testing but I want to carve up the corpse and give back what I can to this great community. First come first served




Edit: wow. I’m in tears over here. The outpouring of support from this community has been overwhelming! So many kind people have stepped up and I’m blown away.



Edit 2: holy shit. As well as all the generous offers in the comments I’ve been contacted by an individual who would rather remain anonymous. They are not only donating me the parts I need but they’re giving me a floating bi-valve opertron condenser to boot! I just don’t know what to say. So much love for this community. I intend on being more active so I can at least give a little something back. Happy Christmas all!
SUCCES!!As a poor VXJunkie I _love_ when you can use non-standard components. Hi-Low Tech rules!

Point in case: I have just succeeded building a discrete quadruplex Lummer-Pringheim resonance cavity using nothing but 4 organic^ coconuts, tin foil and duct tape.
Oh, and of courseof course quartz tubes from 6 derelict flatbed toaster for cross wiring all the coconuts to each other in a classic Dho'Nep quadrogram.
It's lucky each coconut has exactly three eyes, hmm? ;-)

The saturated fat in the coconut flesh is an excellent absorber of the virtual neutrons generated from quantum foam breakdown in the cavities when running at full load.
At _least_ as good as the traditional paraffin - and the smell is a lot better :-)

I used the cavity in my setup while running a Singh-Märkovinen push-push-pull experiment and it worked like a dream.

I _think_ I got close to super-local delamination of the multiverse zeta-brane stack(!), but I need to upgrade the  power supply to confirm.

My 200 k Zi/Cu potato-stack is not up to task here.

*Security warning:* do NOT eat the coconuts later as heavy gamma ray bombardment tend to transform the coconut fat into trans-unsaturated fatty acids which is seriously bad for your heart.
The secondary induced radiation is negligible though. 

^ we wouldn't want traces of Carbendazim, Carbofuran or Cyproconazole in our rig now, would we? <shudders>
Best place to buy online?Just getting into vx, however being in Australia there's a severe lack of parts available locally and was wondering what the best way to get them online would be. Having looked on ebay for used items there's almost nothing (only a few pp108-x systems as well as a dehydrolating manifold for the Pearson F11-15) and so I was looking for local or international alternatives. My current ionic capsulant is Sonic West based and from the 90s if that helps :P

Edit: I can't even find the items I previously listed on ebay anymore haha, someone must have snagged them  :(
About the Hall-Rughderman effectJust be careful when carrying around a baryonic lepton oscillator, vibrations can trigger a leak of plank particles when not demagnetized correctly.

As always, be careful shield properly!
Quick Question on Galvanic ArsenicIn theory, if I'm trying to get my rig going on the cheap, can I substitute Galvanic Arsenic as the catalyst for a Hauper transition? I'm not going to be able to afford infused magnesium before the new year and I'd like to get some runs in over Christmas. I know GA won't allow me to hit resonance levels to where I'm able to fully achieve pulse-phased hyper flux during the transition, but I should still be be able to see and detect (and Instagram!) some sub-plasmatic flux shadows that could be interesting. Obviously no new science happening but maybe interesting aesthetic results nonetheless when the Hauper *approaches* criticality across the GA catalyst?
Me listening for the malgurtion capacitor to release the grackitony piston valve 😂nan
VX-118 trouble?Hey guys, the VX-118 just dropped on Monday, (it's a really amazing machine, I don't know how I ever manually accounted for the Heisenstadt principle in my flux lmao) and I'm having a bit of trouble with the dyson knobs. They keep resonating at a frequency too high for my cenograph to align with them properly. Any advice?
Torvill decabulator cross-compilation?So I finally upgraded to VX8, and was testing the modified Psymakio set on my new rig. Everything seems fine, except for the fact that it insists my hydrodyne planar sweeps (MPS 219.3a) are occurring in a seven-dimensional space. After testing every possible trouble point on and near the Torvill decabulator (including unplugging my refrigerators), I think it's the firmware that's at fault, but the website where I found Torvill decabulator firmware binaries last time has been seized by the Russian government, leaving me with only source code. Is it possible to cross-compile Torvill decabulator firmware under Debian Linux on amd64? what about under NetBSD on a VAX? and if so, how?
An interesting find regarding the Finland case and Doctor Connors. Findings in the comments, the picture is just there to remind you all of what I'm talking about.nan
“Automation is more reliable than manual modulation”nan
This is why we can't have nice thingsnan
A fitting tribute to one of the early VX pioneers - can you imagine trying to grow femtocrystals without the Czochralski method?nan
I upgraded my 42P hypercore yesterdayIt runs so much faster now, and all I had to do was add a 55 gigawatt processer and *BOOM* It generates 97 terapixels per second
Newbie QuestionI’m having some issues setting up my first VX setkit. I correctly modulated the alpha-process which helped control the flux from the accelerator, but I’m still having problems amplifying the Stanowinsk repeater. 

I saw in a few older posts that people used the Langevin workaround to get good 1st order hyperplane separation, but I can’t really grasp the way the Newtonian-Schwartz convergence algorithm was implemented.

Can anyone help? I’m in urgent need because my setkit is heating up quickly and as we all know carbon-acetone nitrates have a pretty low flash point.
Just when I thought I'd seen everything...nan
1D magnon waves in the THz range?I'm reading Pere and Ollinger's paper regarding intrinsically universal 1d magnon waves.

On page 3 (201), they give the definition for "mixed bulking quasi order". I'm unable to grasp the intuition behind such a definition, injective universality seems to capture it, at least at some level of approximation. Another issue is that the mixed bulking map phi has domain 2\^S\_B, so how is phi composed with the global function G\_B when G\_B has domain S\_B\^(Z\^d)?

In practise though, I don't understand what this means when ramping such waves into the THz range: perhaps more experienced hands can advise on the theory before I go for it? 

PS Before you ask, my rig is 400 feet from the house and I live in a relatively unpopulated area.
my KillaJ Bobquest keeps stealing delta from my ferrocore, even thoigh it's fully optimized.Help. :'(
Which one of you clowns haven't been triphasing your exhaust manifolds?nan
Clearly a toy, but once it gets spinning this could just about pass for a Van Oorten particle cloud matrix!nan
How do I start?I've just stumbled across this community, and though I understand maybe .001% of what I'm reading, it feels like I have found my home. 
I have no money to spare ATM, but have some capacitors and resistors lying around. Is there anything I can make from that to get my feet wet, so to speak? Any suggestions on next purchase that will help me with the learning curve?
I love it when video games use inspiration from real-world VX devices!nan
Say what you will about their political system; those Russkies knew how to build modules to last!nan
Help! Syzygy-Grid Alignment!Ok so, I've been a VX hobbyist for quite a while now but I finally decided to seek out help on here because I have a problem that I CANNOT seem to figure out. First some context here, I'm running a 2008 ProTrenx RD-04F rig (it's the newer model with the recalibrated delmynn condenser, not that junky auto-unundator version) and its been functioning really well pretty much since I got it. Lately though I've noticed a potentially MAJOR problem. The syzygy-grid seems to be way misaligned and, obviously, its no longer producing a high-calibre Clenmer-Zytog reaction. 
This is a serious problem and I don't want it to continue to hold me back from the efficiency that I'm used to. I've already tried remaximizing the particle flow from the harmonization nozzle and I have the whole thing calibrated to somewhere between 2.7-3.2dB/hr so I’m really not sure what could be going wrong here. 
Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Any tips on building a quartile rephaser?I'm trying to get it to connect to an RX-4, and every time I build it the Sworm particles go out of phase but aren't collected. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong.
When someone makes fun of your Cronau-25 Hypercrank but theirs looks like thisnan
Okay, which one of you Junkies were trying to create a strong enough power source to power their Lambda Class Gibbs State Entropy Converter Without Proper Shielding?nan
Fellow VX Junkies, please remember to take proper safety precautions.nan
OP's parents lucked out! That's a Vom Feuer counter-rotating graphene fluctuating harmonic isotope grinder! Very expensive.nan
Diy substitutes for a blown Schrobely chamber primary coilSo there I was doing a high altitude capture net run on my new spherocavitator in an attempt to infuse the harvested argon ions into a bottle of Costco vodka trying to set the record for the most over-the-top VX themed cocktails at my groups annual party when a Canadian goose flies directly into the anti-matter cage right as I'm starting a discharge cycle on the ferrocapsulators and suddenly there's a bunch of greasy smoke and a shitload of carbon plasma flying out of my fractionalizer stacks. Somehow in that panic of de-goosing my lines so I could draw the cage down the vodka got spilled and I didn't notice until I tried to plug the Schrobely chamber in and watched my coils instantly slag themselves. Who knows something I can bodge together to finish making my cocktails for that extra garage VX booze authenticity?
Volunteer for Otrulizer Polyformolic TestFolks,
This may sound a bit over the top but after years of working with Metrocohology, I have devised a system for performing a step-by-step anaformation of muscoimmulogy, scorofyllis and to retain the balance between a metroarchial and semiphotoarchial disembrent. 
The only hang up is that while working with machines like Auto-capabulators to perform such Otrulizer Polyformolic tests, a set of hands is not enough. If people in the same field of study are interested, can come forward to volunteer as the subject for the said test. We will also cover canaburrization and physicorelation along the way. 

Let's work together in making complex mechanics of the human anadermology significant!
A demonstration of why it's so important to insulate your tachyon emitters when running tests using Franz-Lester loop theory.nan
PSA: Do NOT expose recycled autodynamic transmission lines to refractalization over 335Kwh!Big trouble here, folks. I picked up some used ADTR 22 transmission hoses, so I can siphon more of that green fluid that my Stungle Refracto-Lite keeps venting from the auxiliary pump manifold. I microflushed the lines beforehand, but there must have been some nanocontaminants still in there, as the whole system has inverted and has already consumed 8 square feet of my garage floor, 30 feet of armored flexi-hose, and is only barely contained by the surplus Polashields the seller threw in. Time sensitive here, but does anyone have any advice on how to reinvert? Shonenhauer's Constant is giving null returns, so I need help before the ferrocores coagulate.
I think this is what was going on with my Hazebrouck decompensatornan
5 pin plug suitable for an Astrul T-66?Hey yall, so i just upgraded my filament tank to a T-66 from an old godwell B-2 

The problem im running into is that anything under the B-5 takes a 5 pin plug which is suitable for 90gw coaxial battery (which i have) but the Astrul's minimum draw is something along the lines of 87.79gw.

My options are as following.. 
1) keep using the B-2 and save up for a new battery (maybe a stardrive..)
2) get a 7 pin adapter for my 5 pin and see if it phases
      a) if it phases i could also get 14k /ea antenna to see if it evens out but if thats the case i might as well just get the stardrive???
3) let the dice roll and see if the Astrul performs well (which im skeptical..)

As you can tell im broke if im considering a stardrive but i heard they're pretty reliable and i can trade up later so i dunno

All this for fucking chlorinated bastel paste is making me reconsider my life.. but you gotta do what you gotta do..
Rant: Stop making stuff up!Title says it all, I have been noticing a large trend of people joining this subreddit now who are just making up stuff. Saying that something as simple as a dingle arm doesn’t exist.. are you kidding me!? Then they go around throwing out terms like chordohydratic gel, this isn’t even used in this field. I have no idea what it is and it doesn’t show up in any of the field manuals I’ve seen. Another one that bugs me is when people say they don’t have a rotary discombobulated flange. If you didn’t have such a crucial part then you’re literally talking about a pile of junk!! 

Mods, why do you continue to allow people to shit post on us VXJunkies. It tarnishes the name of what we stand. I suggest we start banning those that are talking out of their asses!!

Anyways end of rant, I gotta get back to my studies I don’t want my Rockwell encabulator to fail on me now been keeping this antique going for far too long.
Rendering of Iter VX-2600 circa 2016. So many changes in the last three years, this is now considered obsolete.nan
Need a replacement orbital oscillator for a FAL29X-00 peripheral, it burnt out on Thanksgiving -of course! Anyone had any luck sourcing them lately?nan
[Identify] Found this on the side of the road.nan
This feels relatable.nan
Schematic diagram of a double-balanced Gilbert cell mixernan
Was replaying Half-Life 2 and just realized they used the Nøhrmann formula for the teleporter. Got a few things wrong, but Valve apparently had some VXers in their midst.nan
[Meta] A rise in x-posts from clearly tangential subredditsSo I’ve seen a trend recently where people are cross posting from engineering and other subs, simple devices like car motors and electromagnets. They claim the device is their own and make up some fancy words (that often times aren’t even proper VX terminology), even though it clearly states that it is a cross post in the titles. I think now that we’ve gone a bit more mainstream people are coming in who have absolutely no clue what they’re talking about, but just like the looks of “cool gizmos and gadgets”. 

While that sentiment is exactly what got so many of us into the realm of VX, it’s not something I like to see diluting the quality posts of VXers in industry *right now*. 

Thoughts?
Just finished my new Type-H Condescending sphere! Hoping to see some improvements in my Corning-Kruger wave accuracy after this is installed in my rignan
If I solidly fix the w-axes AND cancel the second vectors on spare (4+2)Dimensional parts can I use them as ordinary (3+1)D ones? I mean, they're still H-H-H compliant and it'd save some resources.nan
Happy Holidays VXJunkies: I encabulated a turkey!I'm sure we're all familiar with one of the most famous cautionary tales in VX, the brilliant late "Little" Robert Tables's unfortunate immolation and subsequent detonation while experimenting with a novel turboencabulator design on Thanksgiving 1976.

Little Bobby, if you're out there somewhere, I hope I did you proud. Based on designs in his book _The Hippie's Guide to Encabulation_ and some homework to try to figure out what part of the amplified capacitive diractance produced such a result, I determined that Bobby was fried by the diractive radiation (which we all learned was caused by a stray jelly bean getting caught in his magnetoreluctant matrix causing an inverse glucose-mediated oscillating antiproton invocation that produces massive amounts of energy, a massive discovery in and of itself but still not worth Little Bobby's life), but that the _explosion_ was actually caused by a magnetoreluctant harmonic in Bobby's body due to his famously clean eating and low sodium bloodstream.

Thus when frying your turkey in the diractive beam, the secret is brining it beforehand. My family is feasting on crisp delicious turkey and I've asked them all to chip in to the Little Bobby Tables Foundation for the Advancement of VX. Hopefully you folks do as well.

Happy Holidays!
How can I increase the Rez rate on my ESL without having to undergraph my yottawatt formulation DSV and keeping the same preformance on the pysograph internal haner danernan
Another close callI almost forgot to depressurize my criodide hose before disconnecting the amper-3 housing from the drammen-heitz interface. That would have been a great way for my landlord to find out about the rig I've been hiding in the garage for the last eleven months.
Shwimme-murphy reaction with Delta - tau fallout on a carbodidactiate converter. Installed it in a car for memes.nan
Trying to keep Gaussian propagation down in my new VX-Δ27Hey all, so recently my Δ27 machine has been having some issues, as the title states Gaussian Propagation is just way too high to get any sorta of reasonable θ output, I tried tuning the resonance of the Schwartzchild field so I could at least get even matter collapse factor (EMCF) but even after many hours of tuning on my own and even a few hours on the online chat with VXwholesale I could not get the propagation to stop. The current shift in propagation seems very linear at first but then abruptly becomes exponential, if any one is interested here is the propagation data output after just ten minutes of running the Δ27 (NOTE: propagation is in Δ since last measurement and each measurement is taken every minute), 

1.	 0.25
2.	 0.50
3.	 0.75
4.	1.00
(This is where it goes exponential)
5.	 2.01
6.	4.05
7.	 8.02
8.	 16.03
9.	 32.11
10. 64.40

I think another interesting thing to note is that the propagation—when linear—is relatively stable at that time. The Δ27 gave me for the first three samples is σ^ε = 0.0003 which is very consistent (I know the table I gave only goes up to two decimal places, but as you know the Δ27 can only output live propagation date to two places so we have to trust the σ^ε that it gives us). The thing is the σ^ε when it goes exponential is 0.231 which is very unstable (some less newer to the VX community might even call that hazardous ). 

I was told that one of the issues might be a quantum tuner, as sometimes the quantum tuner needs to be an 8-qbit system and not 4-qbits, but this doesn’t make any sense as the VX would shutdown as soon as it reached an out of memory error. 

That’s pretty much all I can say right now as I’m completely clueless. I’ll post updates if I get any. But if anyone has any idea what’s going on please let me know!
Anyone seen black Friday deals on positronic flux resonators or singularity capacitors?nan
Any ideas where I can get my hands on one of those Sputnik-era Exionic Catonators? Building my first Redux-Leisman Loop and trying to save some cash.nan
I was cleaning out an old garage and found an absolutely ANCIENT Soviet-era tau neutrino flux mediator! I've never seen a model as old as this!nan
A real engineer makes donan
Hello from the Tinnifer National Arctic Muon Detection Facility No. 456. Our analog Lorentz force magnetometer broke. We need help realigning our Chakra-Smithsfield sensor to detect the new beta tau angular phase shift. Any help would be greatly appreciated.nan
Thoughts on L units?I got a new L unit from AliExpress. I am a bit concerned that it looks more like a lower case l rather than L. Is the L-conversion of plasma flux very sensitive to the angle of the L unit? I wouldn't like to overload the neutron trap only because I saved few bucks on a third-party L.
Any VXers in here working on corporate applications?Greetings! First off, love the homey, DIY-vibe that's the prevailing sentiment in your dialogueing. A lot of you seem like academics or hobbyists, no offense. I'm looking to check in with VXers working in large-scale industrial enterprise applications for top-1x-firms who use VX as a solution-driven strategy for industry maximization.

My key achievements:

* Successfully adapted IBM's North Europe quantitative research strategy guidance firm from an all Halide Vapor Magnetization Field storage vector to AIWA digitized tape archive, reducing overall costs by 6%.
* Led research team on successful integration of Strontium Ion dispersal probe, effecting a 4x efficiency increase on neutrino yield with no statistically significant downgrade of Fluorine catalyst. Patent pending.
* Awarded "VX Program Supervisor of the Year", *Helsinki International Finance Quarterly*, Winter 2017. 

I don't want to give away who I am specifically, but a little bit of smart research will lead you to my LinkedIn page, and from there, interested enthusiasts can reach out to schedule a coffee or networking session. I am pleased to say we are growing in a number of sectors and seeking talent!
Someone helped this man.nan
Just saw this Oscillation Encalculator from the late 1800s in the VX Grand Museum of Malta. It was 1 meter tall and could only balance 3nM. It’s incredible how far we’ve come.nan
Found a localized Einsman reaction in the wild.nan
Two fellow VX junkies on Twitternan
Please don't judge guys. I need your help, My mom found my carbonated ratcheting gravity bong. I need to make up a lie that she will believe. Otherwise I am gonna be grounded for life!Listen, I know I shouldn't be smoking crystallized carbonated phenol, I get it. Spare me your righteous indignation.

Anyway, I had this awesome rig that combined flux transistors in the quantum carburetor, which then fed into a silver pasteurization chamber, emptied into a percolating siphon tube, and then was drawn through a cooling chamber filled with prismatic tungsten refrigerant. The downstem wasn't anything special, I actually just repurposed it from my old pulse emitting magentic pipe. I don't care about that. But I put $1000 into this thing already. Fuck, I'll take getting grounded, I just cant afford to make another one of these. I could get drags so pure I swear not even a dopamine helix could compare. Plus my gf is a huge carbo junky just like me. Will she even want to come over anymore if she knows I don't have my dope rig?

What can i tell my mom to convince her its like a science project or something? Do you think she'd buy it if I said it was a Vector Assigner for my Matter Engineering class?
Awesome to see kids learning basic low-neutron Rosen stasis in schools. The kids are alright.nan
Angular momentum of dilated cornersnan
Coworker gave me his old encabulator!nan
A friend of mine is getting her VX 1 certification right now, and just sent me this XDnan
I practice safe VX, I swearnan
Who in their right minds throws out a Series 9-X ?nan
I tried to tell the bohemians that they shouldn't set it up this way but they wouldn't listen. Now they are purging the system with ORANGE hose. Gahk!nan
OP found this at his University. Little do they know! Haha.nan
Finally exhibiting some near symmetry in my intra-Volkov pauses. Is my rig ready for prime time?!nan
Oh godI just found this sub randomly, looked at a few posts and I’ve never been more confused in my entire life, I’m just a wee machinist here why am I reading memes about radiation(if that even is what this is????) but it’s pretty interesting I don’t want to leave. I’ll try to read a book about this or something, *sigh*-_-
PSA: Do not try to try to demodulate your chronotransistor to minimize Keller FluxTake it from my singed eyebrows and the Zimmermann Charged pencil that's still rolling up the table that this is not a good idea. Just use Galtreaux emissions like everyone else.
Finally powered up my first set, having some issues with repticular motation.I have constructed my own set from parts of very low quality, but I am determined to make this work. So in my current setup, I am getting a large amount of repticular motation on the output spindle (mainly because I've used rubber bands as a sort of make-shift snubber on the occulaic drift module, as outlined in the Takahashi report). Now, due to the Andreyev effect, the hyper-resonant electrofungal instability in the entire system is off the charts. I've tried applying the Nilsson principle (think of an Ekström vivratory module, but with low-Q ITF translators as opposed to the resonoid symptoptic Ihejirika coils that are the norm), but have had little success. Any ideas on how to get this under control? Keep in mind  I am not planning on recording any of the extra-valicular data, just the Müller-Schmidt visual representations of the three dimensional Becker space models.
TIL that you can reverse your triangulizers to actually tap into the YORP effectnan
Anyone ever play with hydrostatic resonance fields in party balloons?What brands work best? Do any actually prevent reinvigorated depanning?
Found outside my university. Seems to have some sort of laser apparatus inside. I can take it for free. Should I?nan
I'm starting a VX club at my college. We're building a silicon π-atomizer. It looks a little bit barebones at the moment because we're still looking for some parts, but I'm so hyped about computing quantum δ-wave diffraction that I had to share!nan
Some ortheosonic turbolizers I've rigged up for my local library's VX Education Center.nan
Important reminder for the forgetful ones among us!nan
The need to correct others. (Megalomaniatic Dopamine Feedback Misalignment)I apologize for piercing the 4th wall here. There is an odd trend in this community for commenters to needlessly correct posters. I see this in other scientific fields but the frequency of negative feedback modulation is approximately 99.999% here. This sort of pedantic patronizing pulse width personification adds nothing to the discussion. Plus it appears to be a very hostile environment for new VXers. I understand that some of you are trying to be helpful and provide cannonic continuity. I think it would be helpful to study a technique from improv comedy called "yes, and". Directly contradicting other scientists can disrupt the flow of information sharing. Instead, you could lead the discussion in your direction by accepting new findings. Adding it to your own research or comparison with other well know phenomena. If you really do disagree with another's findings you are welcome to replicate their experiment.
A bit too truenan
tbh they did kidnap south korean vxers to work for them, but that shouldn't detract from their findingsnan
Figured yall would relate to thisnan
Found some old Horschmann dispersion caps at a sale ('80s, probably 2nd gen). They use φ-negative spindles compatible w my reduction stator (Tantek, '97), so I tried them out. My meter reads a flux offset nearly 10x up!? Can this be real, are these safe for use? I run on regular hi-boron coolant.nan
Someone was kind enough to produce a component diagram of a Thompson 7750 E-Seriesnan
Serious blast from the past! I haven't seen a Hale-Kopff variant gauge like this in decades. [xpost /r/whatisthisthing]nan
It really do be like thatnan
You vs the PTFE purge valve frit she told you not to worry aboutnan
Amazing how small a modern Grenoble-Slick reader can be. Who else remembers carting an orange-screened version of this bad boy around in a suitcase?nan
Archival photo of the test jig used to develop the prototype of the first Rotating Dingel Arm, ca. 1937.nan
My grandmother in her Cyclotron-B lab working on Strønken product decontamination from the Rhëinstein coil transfusion mechanism. She's 90 and still doing particle deosmosis analysis.nan
Anyone knows why my FX-Alignment peaks in the middle on 1MHz?nan
VX_irlnan
Question regarding Pauli matrices Viewed 477 times176

In 1+1 dimensions there is duality between models of fermions and bosons called bosonization (or fermionization). For instance the sine-Gordon theory

L=12∂μϕ∂μϕ+αβ2cosβϕL=12∂μϕ∂μϕ+αβ2cos⁡βϕ

can also be described in terms of fermions as the massive Thirring model

L=ψ¯(iγμ−m)ψ−12g(ψ¯γμψ)(ψ¯γμψ)L=ψ¯(iγμ−m)ψ−12g(ψ¯γμψ)(ψ¯γμψ)

where the particle created by ψψ can be understood as a kink of sine-Gordon, and the particle created by ϕϕ can be understood as a bound state of two fermions from the Thirring model.

Unlike sine-Gordon, ϕ4ϕ4

L=12∂μϕ∂μϕ+12m2ϕ2−14λϕ4L=12∂μϕ∂μϕ+12m2ϕ2−14λϕ4

has only two vacua in the broken symmetry phase. I'm wondering whether here too we can write fermionic creation operators for the kinks, and rewrite the theory as a local field theory of the kink fields?

The reason I think we can is that we can do this for the quantum Ising model which has much in common with ϕ4ϕ4. The Ising model is defined on a 1d spin chain, and the ground states in the broken symmetry phase are where the 3rd component of the spins are either all pointing up or all down.

The operators ψ1(i),ψ2(i)ψ1(i),ψ2(i) are defined at each lattice point ii in terms of Pauli matrices as

ψ1(i)=iσ2(i)∏ρ=−∞i−1σ1(ρ)ψ1(i)=iσ2(i)∏ρ=−∞i−1σ1(ρ)ψ2(i)=σ3(i)∏ρ=−∞i−1σ1(ρ)ψ2(i)=σ3(i)∏ρ=−∞i−1σ1(ρ)

The infinite product part acts to flip the 3rd component of spin to create a kink, and the Pauli matrix part gives it the usual fermionic anticommutation relations.

It turns out in the continuum limit ψ1,2ψ1,2 act like two components of a free Majorana fermion. Can ϕ4ϕ4 also be expressed in terms of a Majorana fermion? What are the relations for the fermion field of ϕ4ϕ4 that are analogous to the relations for ψ1,2ψ1,2 in terms of Pauli matrices?
Apparently prismcorp has been going around and putting up their mass particle spectrometers near their active sites to trace any ambient sources of hyperconducting quibblecorks, but have left the duomodulating Higgs unconverter exposed (which is obviously a hazard). Thoughts?nan
I feel so stupid! 6 months later...So I started VXing about a few years ago. I bought all the most basic parts and even some..uhm... imported equipment.

I was having problems with my thermal boson optimization unit and thanks to you guys I was getting some better results. A year ago I bought some new upgrades such as the Weitenhouweiser Absolute Zero Cooling Unit, a 4th gen SuperSymmetry asymmetric 3 PXk infrared quark transmission assembly transmitter, and a 7th gen Data!Data! Alkali Pressure Condenser 11k to name a few.

So all the parts went together great but for the next 6 months I was having occasional liquid buildup I realized was a response of the Bernoulli effect. When I took everything apart and examined it, I noticed there was an extra wire stemming from my Daurk Muttar Control Circuit wasn't.. well, plugged into anything. I plugged it back in and got back to work.

Another 3 months later, I took apart my vx system once more and decided to sell my Daurk Muttar Control Circuit and put some money into a hefty upgrade to replace the circuit. I decided on a Duark Muttar Gravitational Friction Induction unit. Sure I had to put in a little more effort and run some benchmarks but it was worth it for a piece of equipment costing a small fortune.

I was still having moisture buildup.

I took apart the system again today for maybe the 10th time since a year ago and what I found completely shocked me!

I forgot to wire the DMGFI Unit into the Knee On Molecule Osmosis discharger hahaha. Big mistake. 

Everyone, please check that if there's intense or unintended moisture buildup that you have your discharger or other appropriate unit wired correctly or at all. I don't know how I missed this simple mistake is beyond me. 10 times taking it apart, and honestly I was completely struck and slightly pissed that I didn't realize when I take my system apart that the discharger should come off in two pieces and not one. 🤦‍♂️ 

TL;DR: Forgot to wire one thing to another for a year after taking it apart 10 times and a lot of money put towards unnecessary and expensive upgrades to find out it was a complete oversight. Check your moisture removal unit is properly wired.
Where to buy petahertz encabulators?I have a normal X-type setup: (two emitters, two detectors, with the photons being quantum-entangled in the middle). But for my program I can't have them going in clusters and risking decoherence. I have to send them one by one, and in redundant groups to avoid errors from atmospheric effects (yes, I am using a vacuum chamber, but no vacuum is perfect). So, to match the output rate, I need the beams encabulated to a petahertz frequency. I know these are scheduled by international arms regulations, but there has to be some darknet site that supplies them, right?
Don't buy from Johnson and Son's Distinguished Hypochronicity OutletI order a tripotential regulation servo from the Johnsons two weeks ago, I was guaranteed fast and careful delivery. Not only did it take two weeks to show up at my door, but it wasn't even the servo that I ordered. In its place was some sort of polyphonon fibroctic actuator.

As you all know, this sort of mistake can set important builds back by months! I know, I know, many of you will say that I shouldn't be complaining about getting a polyphonon actuator of any kind for the price of a tripotential servo. But this was the Mk. 2 model which none of the new metachronine devises have backup compatibility for.

I expressed my displeasure to the Johnsons and they said that the servos were all on backorder and the next shipment would be available in March! This is quite unacceptable.

Now I know that even though the specialty parts from Dickerson hypochromics are expensive, it's worth the price compared to dealing with this whole ordeal.

Tldr: Johnson and Son's Distinguished Outlet isn't worth the money you will save compared to ordering directly from Dickerson hypochromics.
So, I just dropped my Analogic Accellerometer. Any way I can fix this, or do I have to buy a new one?nan
Someone found themselves a vintage hypodyne fluoristornan
Someone’s not going to be happy when they realize they’re Ehling-Barr p-field Governor fell off their build!nan
Pretty basic indeed. VX 101nan
rate my set upnan
Beffertine spot prices went through the roof this morningI’m not sure how many of the non-machinists here follow the whole VX raw materials market, but beffertine plate stock hit US$30/kg in trading this morning. The commercial shops can eat the difference, but this is really, really bad for hobbyist VXers. I know no one wants to use amulite anymore — it has to be prefamulated and there’s that whole conflict mineral thing — but are we going to have to go back to it?
The button for slow peoplenan
Making the final adjustments to my brand new quark re-harmoniser. This could potentially blow apart the standard model of spin theorem, and provide safe, stable energy for VX applications.nan
Fun little comic from the October '96 issue of the now-defunct VX magazine "Modern Calibrator"nan
My company is installing a MZ-4535 "St. Dismas" Counter-spin Positron Deep-Valley reactor. Until 48 hours ago these photos were classified. big things are happening.nan
I know gas turbines aren't used much since VX3, but apparently in Russia there's still some brave souls making progress with them!nan
Look at this image of the large haldron collider. These noobs can’t even verify their pescheion bitrates. Is it really that hard? I was doing it this way back in ‘82.nan
How do you power a Laminoth Visigator?Apologies for what must be a very basic question, I'm very much a beginner!

I've recently been bequeathed a linear Visigator ("Laminoth" brand with 3 dials). It's very old but in good condition and with what look to be brand new gaskets. I'd like to try to get it running again, as per my late uncle's wishes.

I have most of a lower assembly service manual but all other documentation including (crucially) the installation guide is missing. My father remembers the manuals may have been used for hamster bedding. In any case, I cannot for the life of me work out how to power the diffuser and lateral balancing coil.

I think the coil is a 14-tap design as it looks vaguely similar to the Hügels-Grande model in the Paris Musée VX. I've been able to remove the outer casing, but there's no way to get much further without a Y-grip pneumatic torque driver - those retaining bolts have a 2" head! As for the diffuser: I have no idea. It appears completely proprietary with a 28-way eliptical DIN connector for both power and (I assume?) array balancing.

The model number of the unit is LVI67 "Super-Charlie". Any help would be greatly appreciated!

&#x200B;

Also, could anyone tell me what the very large port labelled "C.F. in, 15lb/ha" is for? My uncle seems to have stuffed a fist-sized piece of cork in it for storage which I'm hesitant to remove. It looks pretty important.
Finally found a circuit diagram for a Air-Powered Calibrated Adaptable Security Helix!nan
Using a 74c00 in place of a 4011 on the *analog* side of a Hazebrouck decomp?So I found an 80s-vintage Hazebrouck decompensator that seems to be in good condition, but it’s missing a couple of chips, including a 4011 quad NAND gate that’s supposed to be wired into the analog section of the board. I have no idea what it’s supposed to be doing there and I don’t have an easy way to get my hands on 4000-series logic on short notice. I was thinking I could possibly substitute a 74C00, but I’m not sure if they’re exact equivalents? And what the hell is digital logic doing in an analog circuit anyway?
Watching my boomer dad try to calibrate our cutting edge VX setup with antique Rhombocrystalsnan
What is this? Found in an old safe. Around 3.5kgnan
Using VX Technology, I've created the first Prohypolic Telephotorealism Bubble (PTB)nan
Is it possible to use a chicken sandwich as a superconducting phase modulator in a VX, specifically in a Higgs bimodulating upconverter?Yesterday, I was texting my girlfriend, and she said she needed to run in town to get parts for a "secret", as well as a chicken sandwich. I jokingly asked her if the chicken sandwich was a part, but she vehemently denied it. It got me thinking. She knows I'm a VX junkie, and I'm missing a Higgs bimodulating upconverter. Those usually are pretty expensive used, but are a lot cheaper without the phase modulator. I've read a story about a guy who was running his VX at an old Russian research station in the arctic, and used some kind of food (a pirozhki I think) in place of the standard tritium stabilized liquid hydrogen phase modulator.

What do you guys think? Do you think she might be getting me a Higgs BMUC for christmas?
Working with quarks be likenan
Destroyed almost all of my equipment (rant)I'm a student and in my free time I like to work on personal VX projects - I've loved VX ever since I started reading up on Simple Ilizarov Motion as a kid before going on to building plasma capacitors and quark inhibitors (at the expense of my parent's patience and salary)

A couple days ago, I wanted to recalibrate my VX systems and to also see what records I could break with regards to system stabilisations. I got my graphite rod moderators, protohydroplasmic esters and some heavy water as you do just to prepare for any contigencies, and then I started recalibrating. I started using those really nice gauge boson capacitors that do a way better job than plasma capacitors in terms of storing the conserved effect of Mossourgki spin but are really, *really fucking expensive* at $1000 for a simple 0.6 ßV GB capacitor (that would be 100 mega electron volts I think for those of you who aren't versed in VX). Long story short I wired it to the wrong terminal, causing major feedback, and destroying every electronic device within a 15m radius. It should have killed me because I used a high setting for the bidirectional affection curve meaning the strong Jenkins-Lavrov effect would have mutated my DNA, but by the grace of God I lived

I've pretty much just ran out of money, all my capacitors are fried, nothing in my house works (I'm typing this on a friend's laptop), and I can't really tell my luddite of a landlord that he can't enter the room otherwise he would die of secondary radiation. I have no TV, no VX subsidiser, and broken dreams. There's deuterium spilt all over the floor of my apartment as well. FFS

**rant over**
My NNN FailureWell, its day four of No Neoandilized November, and I failed. Woke up this morning to decontaminate the Dressel array and sweep the VX lab, but I couldn't help myself after four days of abstaining from Gauss-Andres Neoandilized substrate for the rig. Added a pack of GramNex and now I feel like a total idiot. 

Good luck to yall still in the game, dont make the mistake I made and keep a lab partner with you on this danger fraught month.
I need help getting my Uurainen-build vextrinometer to work properly.You all know the whole mathematics joke, right? How there's a problem with dairy production at a farm somewhere, but the local mathematician can only figure out how to get the dairy production back up to speed, [but only with spherical cows in a vacuum](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spherical_cow)?

As a joke for my students and fellow professors at the Titanean University of Kraken Mare, I tried to use a Uurainen-build vextrinometer on a 20 KL vacuum chamber to resonate the skeleton and musculature of a cow cadaver into a sphere. I did the usual procedure - check the vacuum chamber for cracks, make sure the chamber is made of volcanic glass, place the subject (in this case the cadaver) in the chamber, flush all the ambient air out of the chamber and replace it all with hydrogen and helium (don't worry, the glass is micro-structured to avoid any methane or water condensation), then seal the chamber and work the vacuum pump until it's a complete vacuum.

Here's where I'm getting stuck: I'm used to Schmidt-build  vetrinometers, but ever since the Concilium Lunae Majoris Phaenonis decided to outlaw all Johannesson Schmidt products in 2836, all vextrinometers were made by Finns, including Simuo Uurainen. I've played with other Finnish vextrinometers like Tyyvens and Änikköns, but Uurainens are so weird. Why does the manual never show anywhere how to calibrate for the resonant frequencies of the room, or how to calculate the cube-root-sines of the semicrystalline structures of organic and inorganic proteins and polymers?! I'm not gonna spend 5 Saturnian orbits researching the diets of Martian-bred cows and the molecular evolution of the proteins of Martian grasses and weeds! I'd go insane! Sure, I could look these all up on Amazon Atlas, but the CLMP banned Amazon products and services here after Class War VI.

Another thorn in my side is that my cadaver seems to be gravely mutated, from what I'm not sure - I'm lucky the cow was alive long enough to be healthy and grow into adulthood. It's not a visible mutation, but a genomic one. See, usually the genetic word for cloven hooves is ATGCAGCTGCA-TGATC-GGTC-T-GCGTATCGATCGAT-CGAC-GAGTC. Instead, the genetic word in this specimen is ATGCAGCTGCA-TGATC-GGATA-T-GCGTATCGATCGAT-CGAC-GAGTC. The funny thing is, when I bought the specimen on Amazon Gamma (don't worry, this was before Class War VI), the delivery man kept referring to her as "Giganta". GGATA - GiGAnTA - Get it? I sure didn't, I thought it was just her name. Would a cow with this specific mutation screw up the entire experiment?

Anyways, "Giganta" is now a cylinder with dimensions 4.236 m radius * 13.03259 m height. Also, one of her ears turned into elemental iron and is now broadcasting the Speculative Xenobiology Channel. At least I have something to distract me from my frustration.
What is this trying to do?nan
My grandfather and his custom-built Quasar model VX-280, circa 1958nan
Found this joke in an old VX magazine. Funny enough to shareWhat do you call a protohexadeutyrate with zero amplification?
A Rodenheim cluster
My plan for a 9V Stepped Phaser. Any critics/suggestions?nan
reminder that optoinductors can't phase-lock if you're below your local Shnelling point!nan
Did they miss a step?nan
VXers, what are you working on this weekend?The weekend has arrived!

What cool projects are you working on?

This thread is to show off your VX work whatever it is. Can be anything, any level, from tuning your plasma capacitor, through cleaning up your lab after unexpected explosive energy release to experimental work on the bleeding edge of the VX theory.
It really do be like that sometimes thonan
Found this at the local thrift. They don't know what they have. I would easily spend 2k on a well used Folding Factor Departiclenan
They say griddle, all I see is a Barium thermal guiding platform!nan
Just found this 1998 copy of VXtreme magazine under a stack of boxes in my shed. Thought you all might get a laugh out of it!nan
Let’s talk operating systems! What are you running your rig on? Sunburst CE? OpenVx? Radix?nan
My new 8-valve OctaGen II control unit for regulating colloidal vector field radiationnan
Hi everyone, I'm Doctor Laszlo Menning, inventor of the Phase-Inductive Polarity module, leading theorist in non-entropic motion theory, and children's author. AMA!Proof photo: [https://imgur.com/rI8b5zr](https://imgur.com/rI8b5zr)
HELP for Börean-Schmid calibrationWould anyone with in 100 KM of Houston TX mind switching thier omega PCD Pulse Spectrometers to the 45 meter band? I know it’s a big ask but I’m trying to recallibrate my anti Euclidean isolationscope and I’m having a real problem with it only picking up the MTG influxes and none of the normal VRTG Constants. 

What else could be causing this problem?
What the hellJust when I think I kinda understand the jargon another post comes along that’s utterly indecipherable to me. Is this an enormous prank for us mudbrains out here? Probably, at this point.
Concealing sigma (ς) transponders around the neighborhood?Wouldn't it be awesome to be able to build larger (let's say, >Ꞡ⒩⁺⁽ⁱ⁾) physical sigma (ς) fields? This would require a base station and a series of six (or more) ς transponders. The base station would go into my attic, which is actually perfect for this. However, at such a scale, the transponders would need to be about 200 m < 𝑑 < 300 m from each other, let's say 𝑑 = 250 m on average. Since my property is not that large, in order to pull this off, I would need to set up concealed transponders around the neighborhood.

Has anyone here tried anything like that? It's a suburban neighborhood with mostly flat terrain, lots of trees and bushes and low traffic. The transponders would probably have to be no larger than a shoe box, and they would have to be placed around 𝒽 = 10 m. (Since 𝒽 < 5 m would have poor range, while 𝒽 > 15 m would start getting funky with zeta (ζ) field interference.)

Any advice much appreciated!
Found this in my old photos on Facebook - in 2009 me and my buddy challenged ourselves to rig up a 24-gig Hasselblad dispersion engine inside a tire! It ran surprisingly smoothly, I remember it hit 14.4 yottajoules at its apex.nan
Aetheric News Viewer - the other kind of fun VX project...nan
A little help with Von-Neumann toroidal transmission interference?Just a some stuff to get out of the way:

1. I have proper IO shielding on my beta receiver

2. I have the beta receiver tuned to the proper inner- and outer-radius

3. Yes, I have been **JUST IN CASE** taking iodine pills about two hours before I enter the shop and every three hours during my time spent in shop.


Now onto my issue. 

I have been transmitting a toroidal waveform through Von-Neumann tunnels to set up an easy beta-mass converter for the strange matter a friend of mine is producing (In legal quantities! Don't worry!). Unfortunately I'm getting back tesseracted spin-reversed x-ray photons with, get this, a twenty-five second delay. It's like the toroidal transmission bounces against two hundred to five hundred different gamma planes before it comes back. I can't seem to find any cause for this. I've been scouring the local VX-provisioned radio channels for other users and there isn't anyone nearby running gamma-planar projection. Is there other planar phases that can reflect Von-Neumann toroidal waveforms?

I'm using analog Weyland brand Von-Neumann polyhedral waveform generators and transmitting with the metal pipe method. I don't run anything else while I'm transmitting.

I'm seriously at my wit's end. I've been getting perfectly tesseracted signals back every time. It's infuriating. Any help would be appreciated.

EDIT:

Thanks to u/baranxlr and u/OMFGitsST6 for the suggestions. I got back to the garage and put in a new coronometric reuptake funnel, and dug out an old Weyland Katzberg Defection Structure and coupled it to the Markov splitter. I've gotten back perfect toroidal reflection! Now onto other polyhedral wave-forms! Thank you all so much!

Also I cancelled my standing order of iodine pills. More VX budget for me!
Ok. Be gentle as this is my first post. But seeing photos like this for newbs to VX is mortifying! Surely this poor fellow is losing years off his life by being in the same room as this!?! Or am I missing something?nan
Is anyone going to the 2020 VXpo in Montreal?I’m sort of torn. I went to the expo a couple years back when it was in Johannesburg and I had a great time (they showcased the experimental (for the time) epsilon reactors with baryogenesis simulation chambers). I have the chance to go again next year but Yuri Tatarov is headlining the event and I can’t stand the guy, especially ever since he made those anti-Semitic remarks towards Prof. Barenboim back in ‘04. Plus Tatarov’s theoretical work is sort of fantastical at best. On the other hand, a little birdie told me that the Steinhammer XII is going to make a debut there. What do you guys think?
TIL the USS Enterprise computer used a Heitanfram Terminal and over 20 Bilateral Kelilactiralsnan
For novices who find all of this too overwhelmingEuropean VXers who grew up in the 1980s may remember learning the basics of VX theory from the British "Look Around You" series --although of course we didn't fully understand the connection at the time. It all looks hilariously retro now, and some of the theory is definitely outdated, but I think it still works as a good introductory course. 

E.W. Whitmarsh' textbook, which accompanies the series, is sadly out of print now, but if you "look around you," so to speak, you may be able to track down a scanned version online as a PDF.

Some episodes of the series are now online. Here's lesson 1, "[Calcium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBaVwwuErmU)." I actually referred back to this video the other day while reverting my nibulator array.
Advice regarding encasing tetracabulator in a vacuum chamberSo I wanted to explore the concept of running my tetracabulator in a vacuum chamber. I was going to try setting it at 8BAR and see how the argon flow might affect my α-wave intrusion. I want to aim for sub .134, but to be honest is this much effort worth it if my end goal is to just stabilize my end output to 140Hz?

Edit: cost is not an issue, we replaced a vacuum pump at work so the overhead cost is just welding the chamber, and I have plenty of sheet metal to work with for free.
Anyone know where I can get a replacement vestifticular swing radial?nan
What I love about VXIt's amazing how much running vx reminds me of simpler physics and chemistry experiments mixed together. In some ways it has all the reproducibility and mathematical rigor of particle physics experiments (and indeed a lot of overlap in the concepts) but also a real chemistry type feel, where no matter how well you planned your setup sometimes things just go right or wrong on the day and you can spend ages scratching your head and tweaking amounts and timings. And then there's those sublime moments that are unique to vx where whole new Markovian outcome trees unexpectedly appear, or a simple time-spline completely changes the purpose of key pieces of your equipment. It really does feel like that Douglas Adams idea about having a lab which is set up specifically to make unexpected things happen.
Do you have a discord?Hey VXers, do we have a Discord? I like to speak to people while setting up my modules (actuators especially) and I feel lonely when I have no-one over. I could create one myself but I’m not well versed in technological communication over the HTTPS protocol.
Giovanni Mezmo’s greatest creations. My parametric turbogrammeter-rerouter couldn’t run nearly as fast or smooth without em.nan
What's the stupidest thing you've ever seen someone do with a VX rig?I have a friend who used a lampshade as a lutodistillator for months. Guy's lucky he didn't give himself radiation poisoning.
A description of how the Rockwell AGM-85 cruise missile works. It was based on Turbo-encabulator tech and it was crucial in the advancements necessary for the Retro Encabulator as well!nan
I know this isn't what people usually come here for, but I'd love to learn something.I know near to nothing about the science in this subreddit, but I've seen some pictures on here of experiments changing cloud patterns. In the most memorable post I saw of this, people seemed convinced it was an accident, but the clouds in certain area had much different pattern/ density. Again, I don't really know what I'm talking about, but is there any way to use stuff like this to draw other floating particulate matter to or from certain locations? I ask this because I live in an area of California that currently has a lot of smoke, and I'm curious if there's away to collect the ash and other other solids. I want to further understand this subreddit and it's real life applications, and I'm wondering if this is one of them.
got to see a totally decked out Steiner-Klamth array in person today!!! The viewing module was in surprisingly good condition too.nan
Is this one of you guys?nan
Someone offlet their plausic charged water into the wrong pipes.nan
Does anyone else have a Rexter’s particle dispersal system?So recently I bought Rexter’s particle dispersal Mark IV off of e-bay, and it came with a malfunctioning inertia generator. It’s not necessarily broken, but someone modified it to take 31-A neutron batteries instead of the usual 65-Y thermal batteries. Can anyone help?
Are the rumors true about blocking the MENk Accord???Just leaving PlasmaCon19 in Berlin... There was a session prepping everyone for MENk but then the rumors started spreading that it may be blocked by the US, Hungary, poland, Brazil, and others threatening to join them. Is this true? If so, it could be disastrous news for the progress of VX for the next decade at least!

On mobile on U-Bahn so can’t dig into it. Is this true?? How screwed are we here??

UPDATE: There’s not a lot on the net about this yet but I was able to find a statement from the Commissioner at the Ministry of Energy Storage and Distribution in Copenhagen:

“Officially, no party to the [MENk] Accord is committed to interference with passage in December. Some stakeholders are registering complaints with the Forum Commissioner’s office but these are strictly regarded as formalities, and not instruments of obstruction at this time.”

I’m not an international lawyer and there is some odd language in there, but it sounds like — at least for now — we may still be in the clear. Fingers crossed.
Interesting find the other day. I'd never seen a Rokossovskiy oscillator in this configuration before. First time for everything!nan
Honestly can’t believe what I’ve just doneAccidentally fused the TAMP injectors before the pre-cyclic distillation was complete. Now I’m gonna have to go back and re-TUMP the whole apex transgnomal array. Ffs.
A full sleeve of Calamonte-Reseda IFDs?I’m sure you all know about the C-R liquidation after the Meretzco buyout earlier this year. Well, I got a sleeve of the Mk 4 Integrated Fromitz Devices for cheap. Problem is, the data sheets were all on a brown spool of microfilm that looked like it had been sitting in a radiation lab since 1983 and I couldn’t make head nor tail of it. Any ideas? (I did figure out that you’re supposed to use flathead screws for installation, but I can’t understand why. Curses.)

I’m hoping someone can inform me. I got zilch.
Who ordered the vintage Rockwell Type 1a?nan
I still think the 1980's were the golden era of multiplane optitech.nan
Is it just me or does this look a LOT like the Guatemalan delegation's VX-t rig? How does Google have this? Has anyone been in contact with Juan Diego Chang or Zaida Urrutia, because I'm 110% sure they wouldn't allow this project to be claimed by Google, and I'm very concerned.nan
First VX project?I've been interested in VX for I while, but I don't know where to start. Any ideas?
This guy claims he has a working Einstein-Rosen bridge...What a load of bullocks.nan
Im addicted to VX nerve gas, is this the place to get help?Titel says it all
Here's Dobromir Alexandrof showing off the wiring in his Vectoral Momentum Distenuation Amplifier. Notice he's using no gloves like a moron who wants to die early. Spend the money and get some gloves - second pic is my recommendations from ProVX Wholesalenan
Need help falsifying lorenz invariance to show that herbert space in finite dimensionalnan
An interesting document from when NASA was contracted to explore fluid-based additions to the VX standards of the time. Does anybody know what came of this research?nan
Maybe it’s just me, but always found LIDAR SpiderBot LTMs quite finicky. Given the conditions nanoprobe hyperrealisation seems much more feasible. Discuss?nan
I know you guys like to show off equipment and your knowledge and such, but there's something big going on, please read.So, last night I couldn't sleep, I decided to go down the basement and fiddle a bit with my "nerdstation" as I call my rigs setup.  
So i was doing just some boring readings of frequencies because sometimes it can work your mind a bit.     


It was all fun and games until i decided to do some tectonic resonance testing and whatnot. Especially that I was quite happy of acquiring a Huikolov Z65.  
After playing around with stuff I decided, "fuck it, let's go above 58.384hz", obviously I wasn't expecting anything.    

And I was right (obviously), but then it struck me, what if turn the ITS modulator to Binaural and adjusting/reducing the parameters in the Quantum Harmonic Oscillator, boom.     

At first it sounded like some sort of low vibration humming, I was thinking that perhaps a monodiode went bad. I decided to dig a bit deeper.    
Please note that when it started I was at (I believe) 59.722hz.  
I thought it's just a remodulator error or perhaps a case of Hrabner syndrome, but no, after I conducted more tests, and alot of things to pin down if there's an actual error or faulty equipment I decided to do an actual reading. The idea of picking up that humming-like thing was terrifying as it is alone.  
After calibrating, calibrating, calibrating, I got some actual readable and understandable output.   

I know it will sound crazy, please believe me, I know (at some point I got out for 10 minutes thinking I was hallucinating).  
My rigs, all of them, were resonating with something that seems to be some sort of antigravity based accelerator.     
The depth... I just can't process. I read the depth on 6 different meters (Even on the Hoff) , depth was somewhere between 12.735 and 13.271 km. It's totally insane.       
   
I can't believe I discovered this. And the readings... They are weird, there are patterns of something intelligent causing all of this, but I can't descypher.  

I just can't believe it. There's an earth inside the earth, a totally different world, a world that seems so highly advanced. 

It's totally crazy and please, I need someone to confirm I am not going insane.
GIVEAWAY: I will be giving away 2 (yes, 2) Limited Edition particle capacitors!Titles says it all, Comment below for your chance to win one of these exceptionally rare capacitors. Your rig will look better as work more efficiently (up to 15%). I acquired these during the Area 51 raid so have been kept secret. 2 lucky winners will be announced on Friday at 18:00 GMT. Good luck!
Found an old piece of VX equipment at an art gallery in Malibu (Vintage Siesmic Entanglement readout display)nan
it really be like that sometimesnan
r/VXJunkies now being simulated on r/subsimulatorGPT2I don't know if any of you have seen this, but there's a sub called r/subsimulatorGPT2 that is just bots posting things and replying to each other, bots that have been trained on data from various subs.  There's one for r/VXJunkies.  Kind of nice to see that we are in there along with the better known technical subs like r/askscience, r/math, etc.  Here's an [example thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubSimulatorGPT2/comments/dkipv1/i_want_to_convert_my_vx4_to_vx5/?st=k219bdve&sh=2a990493) and here's a link [all the discussions started by the VXJunkes bot](https://www.reddit.com/user/vxjunkiesGPT2Bot/submitted/), some of which are "mixed" discussions with different bots, who know nothing about VX and the result is not really worth looking at, but lots are discussions that are all the VXJunkies bot, and so are actually trying to simulate this sub.  It's kind of a surreal experience to read it because the style of the posts, the terminology and even the topics are spot on like this sub, except with one major difference: nothing the bot says actually makes any sense!  

Nothing consequential, but interesting to know that that exists.  I hope everyone's modes are aligned this evening!

Edit: just discovered that [someone else already noted it here](https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/ct4oaz/new_type_of_subreddit_simulator_gpt2_has_a_bot/). Leaving this up because if I missed that maybe some others did too, and because the bot has now written a bunch more.
Google vs Bingnan
In need of adviceSo today my lab teacher approached me yelling "I'm going to put my quantum harmonizer in your photonic resonation chamber" and I honestly didn't know how to react and he just left looking a bit disappointed.

What would have been an adequate answer? What procedure would you have followed if someone was going to do something as crazy as that?

Thank you
Is this Standard Zorb-Rickman Model still accurate? Asking for a friend.nan
grug not understand why machine not work when face openmachine heat food.... but not heat food when machine face open

grug have no brain picture on how make machine feel better about being open 

close machine is not healthy
Another trip to my Uncles workplace, another museum piece. Sandleman 1962 SVC62-3 Control and Data Collection Hub.nan
Does anyone else get dizzy headaches when running parallel Junoscopic Cycles?nan
I went through a DIY 1980's catalog and saw an old school kinetic vesponixFm2. build. Is the tea kettle a joke or will it actually function in misting the protonic threshold beaker?nan
A pretty basic guide to NaN gates and flip flops. Great for beginners.nan
Someone found a prototype Hýveķ quantum tunnelling array.nan
Someone repurposed their Waltzfield-Aramchek chamber controller to get their car engine to make that "plorp" sound that you get when you sublimate Y4 at microdeltas.nan
I don't understand Kolpackov substitutionAt the lab we have some professional rigs and I deal with I have a few rigs at home. I used it for a time and there's something I struggle to understand: why does at 76.8 MiP/k°ev suddenly I have to switch from a synchronous vector field moderator to a parallel  monovolt inhibitor for my tachyon based quantum range? What does it have to do with Jean-Luc Leblanc paradox? Am I missing something obvious there??
I'm trying to figure out how to replace the thermocoil in my Bertrand-740 flux capacitor, but all I can find on YouTube is that scene from Back to the Future.FML
Definitely hotnan
Does anyone have any tips on how to restore this 1960s ametric retro-manifold assembly? Saturated denux solution won't even scratch the vexane scaling.nan
Hot or Not?nan
Sipronian Mass Codex AccumulatorSeriously? I can't find a single one that doesn't use non-linear J-Space calculations, and I'm really worried about my heat invariant. Any ideas on suppliers or manufacturers to hit up?
Any predictions for the release of the Schumacher Industries Zx3 Zirconium Valve?As you undoubtedly know the bad boys of Exothermic Expulsion Valves, Schumacher Industries, are releasing their new Zx3 Zirconium Valve. The hype is obviously very high, but I'm a little concerned about a few things they. 

  It only has 3 Zettabytes of storage, which isn't going to be enough for most modern systems. If that wasn't bad enough it'll apparently still be using a 2nd Gen Optical Cable. Personally, I don't see this release going well, but I'm interested in seeing what you guys thing.
Close callI just about lost my nipples to the ion substantiator when attempting to calibrate it. Folks, always remember to de-ionize and filtrip the sealed oxygen chamber before removing it. Bad accidents are caused by simple mistakes
Other sub has VX issues- any help?nan
Question regarding dual-dimensional transrotating miniature centrifugesI was looking at investing in a quad-dimensional TMC but I had the horrible feeling that the increased RPM would consistently destabilise the internal hydrogen clock every time a inverse flair is generated. I use a type IV bio-gel mainframe so I was wondering if a dual-dimensional TMC might be better suited until I upgrade to the type V (or possibly even a Positronix CH28000)? What would be the pros and cons?

Thanks

EDIT: just a note that I have a theta wave converter to hand if I did want to upgrade to the CH28K
Damn, Instagram knows I’m VXing... and it knows I can never have enough hexapod phobos transmutors! Bastards...nan
Do you find prefamulated amulite to be increasingly temperamental as it is plated in increasingly thin layers of chromatic resin?At the rate my hydroxic acid solution is regulating the refraction index, I don't think the finished R5 thera-magnetic disks will stand up to more than 8 days of total lepton collection.  I could try triple refining the base biaxial amulation solution but that would be a net loss in terra-fluxons.
Thoughts on the KG-15 Octophotonic Matrix Generator?I've been using it to oscillate my muon arrays for a little while now and since using it I haven't encountered any Moretz field isolation. The only downside I've had has been an inverse spin on one or two of the the hydrotetron sublattices.

What are your thoughts? Is the KG-15 a marked improvement over the KG-14F? Is it worth it to upgrade or switch to something else to reduce gluon interference?
Redditors who have experienced semi-pneumatic Boson Lift, what was it like and how did it occur?nan
Is it safe to use a platinum model dialator on a gold model device?Since almost all companies have stopped making gold model dialators for the FN-874 Handheld model, I think I'm going to have to use a platinum dialator. Is that going to be safe?
Hands won't stop shaking after fragmenting my HL-7 Samarium StabilizerTitle honestly

After undergoing the fragmentation process on my HL-7, I seem to have zapped myself with one of the (unbeknownst to me) poorly connected hydration rods.

Since then my hands have been having these horrible tremors, and I worry I may have given myself some sort of radiation poisoning? I keep the Samarium reactor in a lead-lined capsule, but I worry that since the hydration rod wasn't connected properly, it may have leaked some radiation.

Any ideas on what I can do to stop the shaking? Even typing this is difficult.

EDIT: the model I'm using is my mom's old 1965 version, the kind that had the helix-shaped ventilation coils. (back in the gold old days when the only company making Samarium reactors was Colombia Enterprises)
LGM-118A Peacekeeper Advanced Inertial Reference Sphere...19,000 Parts!nan
Wanted to show off my rig, just a little something I threw together over the weekendnan
Anyone else notice this issue on their 4th series Reimann inverter?nan
How dangerous is this?nan
Trying to get my atmospheric electrical receiver tunedI got my wave gate resonator oriented to receive signal, but I'm having trouble getting phase induction onto the beam edge. I'm trying an older Jacobian shift process to align the receiver, I only have analog shifters, there's a few of us gonzos still left using thrift shop parts. Anyways, I'd bounce this question off one of my coworkers, but he retired and quit returning my calls.
Found: Dwight-harmon field projector, still seems to be functional too!nan
Help with my Bon-Vraun matrix analyzerI forgot to re-ionize my Bon-Vraun matrix analyzer when I turned it on. Now it's particle segment detector won't respond to anything, not even 50 pQ charges! Is there any way I can re-stabilize the matrix or do I have to buy a new one? It's a 1.50-4D Talos series analyzer if that's any help.
I might be wrong, but isn't this a Von Həcht field manipulator ?nan
Finally a commercial application of the findings of the late Michael Donning-Kroeger?! Possibly a digital logic circuit ('AI') that mimics a dual channel decondensing bi-directional phase ommitter to produce negative latency. Legit or marketing gimmick?nan
ATQ Coils or Brodmann Coils?Hi all,

I'm restoring an old 1987 Renix Thermo-static ATF unit (the A variant, not the more common T variant). Now that I've got the thing disassembled, I've found that the old A432 Coils are completely shot. Now, the company that produced the A4 line of frontal-loading coils went out of business in 2001, and the two best equivalents that I'd want to install in their place are either American ATQ Coils or German Brodmann Coils. Getting hold of them isn't the issue.

What would you lot advise?
Really offensive reference to the Galver Street Tragedy on a magic card. Too soon. </3nan
How does one easily clean his Elliot-Marre Overflow valves?So.. As the title suggests, I'm running the older version Elliot-Marre Hyperconductor (Don't tell me which hyperconductor is better, I'm sticking to my EM), and I CANNOT FOR THE LIFE OF ME figure out how to get the remaining ferrous residue out of the overflow/docking valves safely. I keep hearing to use compressed air, but I'm pretty sure that's unsafe, Roschaff's Guillotine Theory and all that.

Any help would be super appreciated, as I JUST threw out my old Km2 solution, and my old Finch unit is still showing radial leakage warnings.
Larry didn't even attenuate the hypercoils before trying a retrograde magneto-resonance in the Donglobi Echelon. Please learn from Larry's rookie mistakenan
A VX-based encryption technique?nan
I didn't know this could happen until it was too late. Now I have to start from the beginning 🤦nan
I wish I had this when I was working on my prototype phase induction cooling array internship at Rockwell.nan
Amirite?nan
Litz proximity effect keeps ruining my NIS inductor readings, anyone have any experience in Veriometer Housings?nan
I know for sure we’ve all been here! What do you guys think about this dilemma?nan
This might explain why Œ = 3 todaynan
Looking to buy accordion-style wire casings for an early rig I've been restoring. (I'll take down this post if buying/selling isn't allowed)Exactly what the title says. I've been restoring a '55 Petrucci Model 1 in my spare time and the only part I just can't seem to find from any of my usual suppliers is a roll of accordion-style wire casings for the backdoor transduction cord. Obviously I could use standard C-insulated casings but I'm going for historical accuracy.

Message me if you think you can help, I've got no price limit!
A β-normative solution to the λ manifold operator in 5-D spaceConsider a Z-type inhibitor that acts on a metric inversion vector within an incompressible region. Using a methylation interpolator, we can derive solutions to the Yao-Leherman equations for non-symmetric spacetime variances in the Ω vacuole chamber. Similarly, a dichromate catalyst can be utilized to produce reactivation on chromatosin n-spheres along a unit hypercube. A quantum vortex appearing with Kelly constant 12 MvS/m^2 can be used to approximate Eulerian differentials along a path Q. It is common knowledge that this method and similar probabilistic interpretations for density functions η<0 are faulty as t tends to infinity. Thus, the proof demonstrates the aforementioned solution exists and is valid for all relativistic integral formalisms. Thoughts, or are these results inconsistent with Brane Theory?
Can anyone tell me why these quasi-Drootper-Schlemge peaks are occurring when I’m running a basic anti-spin TPO procedure? I initially thought that that the astral hyperparticles were oxidising in-situ, but harmonic resonance assessments under Broder’s Law have proven otherwise.nan
I've just got into the hobby and picked up a second generation Mercatel 770Ψ. I can't get the tangential differential pipes to balance.I think I've got this right: Herzpringer gyration causes the gyroscopic clemency to fall out of phase with platonic-reality. Shouldn't I be able to bring this co-efficient planar bond back within specified limits by reducing Herzpringer Input from 0.5 to -0.5?
Me thinking about Variant 3B of Stein-Daniels’ corrective normalization paradox.nan
If you know what I mean.nan
Why is a Volinsky crossover limited to 1, 2, or 5 rotational paths? It doesn't make sense to me that we disregard the Planck constant, as it should be a big enough discrepancy to make a viable difference.nan
Which one of you wrote these high level subarchitecture notes I found on another sub?nan
Saw this and had to share!nan
Can I get some help?I'm pretty new to the VX scene, and I'm using a G-470x, but the decoder light won't turn off. What does this mean?
Can I kindly ask folks within 1000km of Zürich to tune down their metric tensor generators for an hour?I'm trying to recalibrate my quantum field inhibitor but I'm getting too much interference.
Sinoninich vibrosion contained in a clear ruby quartz matrix. Going to go drink a beer now, my work here this weekend is done!nan
Why do I have to do everything myself?nan
Non-Kasparov covalance results below the Grundheit limit in t-fold projection?Sorry for the clickbaity title.

My issue is more to do with Grundheit limited projections in general, but t-fold is also a problem. How do I extend covalance without spiraling into negative bumpy topology? Can I just set a Swanschild limit at -6 and be done with it? What about Weller interference? This is my first time using DPERN equipment and I’m a bit lost. I have used Graphic Traction inhibitors before, but nothing about 22mVh.

Edit: No I’m not accidentally using Jungswarn Qingdao method for interpreting the O-field output. I already checked that before you ask. The output interpretation is Braunschweiger all the way to the collector.

TL;DR: Can I just fudge or dismiss any quantum interpolation results below the Grundheit limit? Will that effect t-fold projection?
Does anybody know what might have happened here?nan
Noob Question...Is there an Ontology of Ontologies in VX?

Thx.

:)
What an amateur. Didn't even flush the resonance instantiator firstnan
I have made a costly mistake...nan
Are There Any VX Inspired Sculptural Artists?I'm a bit of a novice here. I appretiate the asthetic and culture of VX, but have very little technical background.

I'd love to hang something relevant on my wall, though. Perhaps some sort of milled flat copper design with nods to the community,

Does anything like this exist?

:)
You’re not a VXJunkie unless you had one of these plugged into your formant adapter in the 90s. Old-School P/T conversions anyone?nan
Relatablenan
Finally managed to Q-plate a chromium sample. Hoping to achieve ermium reprocessing in the next few weeks. Any advice?nan
Study: Cancer on the Rise Positively Linked to VX Increase of Past CenturyProbably
[Help] Should I dump my current GF and get a new better one?I've been working with a GF-5 for months now (never liked the GF-6 imput so I got a GF-5) and it always worked just fine for almost everything. Almost. When it comes to metering it always seemed to reverberate whenever I don't want it to, never giving me the amp I actually wanted to know. I tried everything and I just don't seem to be able to work on at-zoning with it at all because of this.

My question is, with the recent release of the GF-7 and GF-7r, should I get my hands on one of them? Or do I just buy a manual-amper for the specific purpose of zoning? Is the GF-7 actually worth the price?
Anyone else notice the Lubrihelix is shrinking?Basically want to know if I'm crazy or not. Lol. Amateur scopistologist (have a P3, saving up for the S model when I get some cash. Soon I hope!). 

Anyway, I was looking through my phorascope late last night (I try to get as much flurciding in as I can during the week). I start in on the standard issue protolaticals - stabilating with the three fourtish points to get and accureading, blah blah. You know the drill, basic integronics.

And then I see it. 

The Lubrihelix is almost... wobbling. Then the ends start to almost... Interorbitalize? Does that make sense? So I use the intake for a radiality reading. It says .001, not .01. Cray. Zee.

Has anyone else seen this?

Is this even possible during it's 12th Nexusfall?

How can it be that small at this Ending?
I let a colleague of mine borrow my Neodymium Carbonation Diffuser, and he SPLIT MY MS7:X3 SLIP VALVE!I cannot believe him. I even tuned it into microflux to account for the Ripler-Ouros sanctions. It’s like he hasn’t even spent a metrosecond inside a Cerebro Mechanical Deluge Quarter before. Thank heavens he didn’t break the particle calender, then I would’ve done something drastic!
Looking to upgrade my gear from arbitrary to unitary propagation units. My budget is constrained, help me choose between getting a new T4 or a second hand option in same price range (like Köhninger D32 or polymonx)So I have a smaller rig, pretty standard but a bit tweaked to perform especially well under Reichner - Weierstrass constraints, as I am a sucker for those sweet orthogonal symmetries you can get when you get your flux derivatives close to zero. Using only arbitrary back propagators has become a real pain in the neck though, as the echo state memory is severely limited (forcing me to manually act as a "memory"- boring, time consuming and I keep getting the planar coefficients wrong when entering the elliptical spin vectors back into the pseudo-nominal generator effectivily shutting the whole process down, forcing me to flush with iron peroxide fluant just to keep the trapezoids in vortex state long enough for the thing to return to equilibrium mass!)  


So time to upgrade to unitary! I cant afford anything else than either a new T4 or some older second hand stuff thats not in fashion right not, like the Köhninger or polymonx, as mentioned in the title. The T4 has a robust range of features, it will probably improve my workflow severly. Yet it seems to lack "flavour"? (Not the quantum kind ;) being poetical here)  
The Köhninger on the other hand seems to heavily influence the neutron chain capacity forcing the machine into much more tertiary territory, so while it lacks some modern features like turning of the axiom of choice (why wasnt this standard until well into the 2010s?) it might add more personality to my get up? I dont know that much about other vintage gear. What do you think, should I go for efficient, reliable, but "stale" modern antagonistic unitary with carbon-based dynamic nozzles? Or some older coplanar style unitary propagation units with silicon-base and fixed transition tetrahedrical nozzles accepting that there will be no minidaq functionality and that all my neutron flow will now have heavily emphasized imaginary harmonic content?
Anyone interested in trading some old Japanese Type 98 fluxor harmonizing coils for a Westinghouse Meritrychnia Garno Field lens or a Double Quarter Pounder with cheese?nan
I have a problem with my Iodenics Sine-Sync CalculatorYesterday when I recalibrated my ISSC (Yes I know I’m a luddite who still can’t work a quark helix proportion dilator)  and found when putting in the Meseretti-Dailip formula, all I got was this symbol, §. I tried looking it up BioSerch and PlexDrive, but nothing useful came up. Is it time for me to finally upgrade?
Localspace phase expander producing yellow spectral output?Im running a dual mode Hermann-Bridgeman Tetra-helical separator core for my main precipitator chamber. I upgraded my cross linkage channels to use active stream rectification and I decided to recombine the beta stream offset after separating it through a ranque-hilsch vortex tube and taking the cold side back into the alpha stream and mainlining them into the phase expander through a 60Hz variable inversion filter. When I went to do my first burn in with the new channel guides my spectrals went straight through to yellow with no helixing, blue spacing, or spool up. If I run with compensator rods all the way through the secondary chamber walls on the back half I can bring it back down to a high green but it's only stable at yellow. I could never get close to yellow before but now I can't stabilize the main cores at any other output zone. I can maybe compensate on the mainboard but I cant figure out what's causing it and I don't have a big enough topside scatter plate to run the whole system on a triple phase because once it hits red it just wobbles into a mixed mode and starts crapping exotic ions through the condenser tubes. Where should I start looking for the problem and what should I do to finally get global state stabilization without this weird islanding?
[Help] Quadrilinear Ogdenstyer-Jissum Matrix ReformationHey VX,

I've got a Reischbach backflux zirconium-based containment unit from like 2009, and the guy who worked on it before me was fired (leading to my hire).  This guy was stupid smart and managed to get this thing going for a prior project dealing with unilateral (but non-uniform) Jacobian dilation.  Thing is, he took no notes - my job is to repurpose this thing to accept a proportionate amount of chronomic flux comparative to the upswing in hyperdermal compression.  

I derived out his Jacobian process into the Ogdenstyer-Jissum matrix, but none of the coefficients are producing a real and non-zero ζ constraint.  

Any ideas?
VX6 7th revision help -Flame IonisationHi guys,

I posted ages ago about having high power issues with my system shutting off in the change over.
I've got around that thanks to everyone's help, I'm now in a new department and being asked to work the old system into dealing with Flame Ionisation as the use of beer Lambert law keep in the IR detection phase isn't accurate enough.
We're running a 2nd gen French flame detection/burner unit with a archaic Laski software it works but is only accurate down to the 4th percentile, can I get some advise on upgrades I can give to the board or how we can improve the existing system without breaking budget?
I made a simplified diagram of my VX setup in draw.io! Could not find all the proper graphics so I had to improvize, but everything should be pretty self-explanatorynan
I'm using VXpert 3.62a as a digital interface to modulate my phase prism, to avoid the well known hyperflux flutter caused by analogue interfaces. The unison index mapping graph is showing a strange result, considering that I am using hyperflux width of 5! Any ideas on how I can solve this?nan
When your physics professor goes off on a tangent about muon flux field seperationnan
If you are reading this then..My attempt to split the quantum flux field worked and I am actually in all places at once. Yes, I am watching you read this right now. But none the less,
I woke up today or yesterday or tomorrow and realized that the double slit experiment is not actually showing destructive interference, it is actually time particles trapped between the inference patterns. Separating dark matter from the gluons gave me maximum atomic intermediate pressure to enable the splitting of a photon’s flux field, hence why I am now in multiple states in random places. If this sounds unlikely it might be due to the partial differential of quantum decay in the multiverse which you are a part of, please do not make the same mistake I did... stop the quantum revolution before it’s too late.
Anyone know how to correctly install a dihydrosynchronizer onto a Quartz-based hyperflux gen?Sorry for the probably obviously question,but I'm a VX newbie and I couldn't find a good guide anywhere else. My rig is really basic atm, and I'm assuming I would just connect the interlacing sensor arms of the dihydrosynchronizer to the input of the Hyperflux gen, but I really wouldn't want to rip apart my Hüttingram field after finally getting it stabilized! Any help is appreciated, thanks!
Look at the second monitor. Is this what I think it is? Is this guy smiling at his trace of a bog standard Helmsey phase shift (nice form but nbd) while he misses a real-time Luniger-Albertov event? (Sorry for potato quality, stolen from the vx-fb-group-that-shall-not-be-named.)nan
VX_irlnan
50 years ago, today, Soviet scientist Vladimir Smirnov devised the first Tetra-Powered Incanalating Engine (TPIE), one of the biggest innovations in the world of VX. It’s incredible that with achievements like this, the US still claims to have won the VX Race.nan
WARNING: Do not place quantum ionizer over nob and bollocksI had just gotten home after a long day at the VX workshop and I was in the mood. I was going to open up my wank bank but something caught my eye.

My new Volstead VX9 was sitting in the corner, and earlier in the week I had experimented with the frontal quantum ionizer. I tested it on a sheet of metal, and the metal became very warm and tingly to the touch. I wondered to my self what this would feel like on my nob and bollocks. Stupid I know.

So I wheeled it over to my desk, sat down and began configuration for a low level flux beam. After setting up, I activated the primary quantum sequence, pointed it at my junk and sat back.

At first, my nob and bollocks became warm and pleasant. However that was only the effects of the ionizer at the very start. As it sped up, my balls began to burn and go pink. I immediately shut it off but the damage was already done. My nob and bollocks were starting to go very red and I felt electric zaps in my testes. All the hair had fallen off and my cock hurt when I touched it.

Please do not make my mistake, a quantum ionizer is for modulating radionic frequencies, not for masturbating.
Anyone else hear the sad news about Gareth Moourtz?Passed away suddenly earlier today. Only 42. I can't believe it, I'm in shock. 

Not many details right now, all we know is that it was a PLR-Flexpipe related accident. The newer models have claimed 5 lives now over the course of the last 2 years. Just not worth the risk. 

For those who are not familiar with Gareth's work, he was a true game-changer. He pioneered the practice of connecting axial singlewave clasters to contumulated opacular Z-Riometers. 

He was also obviously the founder of Moourtzin' Around, an online dating site designed specifically for lonely VX-ers. 

RIP Gareth.
My latest build: A Radon parceptulator with double reverse ionizationnan
Why does the Fourier transform modulation property , x(t)cos(w0t) <---> 1/2[F(w-w0)+F(w+w0)] , drop the pi?nan
Same stuff gramps used back in the day. X-Post from r/BuyItForLifenan
When you're doing a routine Eintracht actualization and forget to decouple your tertion degaussing module and crack a coupling gear, but it's been a while since you've needed to replace one so you think it's not gonna be too bad, but then you take the radiation shield off and you see thisnan
Remember the Baauer incident?Because he surely doesn’t.
Why does nobody use Condorcet with an FPTP cycle resolution method?Imagine my surprise when I found [a post with this exact title](https://www.reddit.com/r/EndFPTP/comments/da4sc0/why_does_nobody_use_condorcet_with_an_fptp_cycle/), and was about to comment that I use a generous helping of Condorcet twice daily to lubrify the purficent canalizations on my remitter, so as to keep the Ferro-Pituitary Transfacient Polarization cycle resolution down to 4.5 HPz, only to realize I wasn't in /r/VXJunkies but in /r/EndFPTP, a subreddit dedicated to ending first-past-the-post voting!  Apparently all the terms have a specific meaning in political science too.
I must have traveled to a parallel universe with 5 spacetime dimensions...Nothing else would explain the .902Δ output I'm getting from my VX module this morning. What the hell is going on here? Did I achieve transplanal quantum thresholds and end up momentarily in another universe? Is this the same universe, but did the kairotic distribution of nodes in my asymmetric keticulation network create a Wicktonian Continuum Field for my VX rig to be able to *measure* and *experience* a 5th dimension that has always existed? Obviously I'm just throwing out some conjectures to try to keep my mind from melting and from losing touch with whatever reality I thought I existed in. Does anyone else have a better theory for what's going on?

Frankly even if I achieved the impossible and traveled beyond our universe, I can't believe I reached Yalgeth's Limit for the 5th spacetime dimension. I've never even come close to our standard 4 dimension's limit. I am just going nuts right now.

&#x200B;

Edit: Well I feel dumb now. I had to replace the deltometer because the original readout busted, and...apparently I installed it upside down. It was't 902 that saw but 506. Crisis averted but I'll never live this one down, will I?

And in case you're wondering why I didn't notice the dot in the wrong spot it's because I bought a cheap deltometer that just gives the number out of 1000 instead of bothering with the decimal. So. Two lessons: Don't buy dotless deltometers and *don't install them upside down*.
A Huber Unitstat 905 circulator becomes covered in ice build up after a hydroxide reaction fails to be detected...nan
Mod Note: Due to a flood of bird watcher, Fowl Language will not be tolerated in this subreddit.I know that a few bald eagles might have gotten a little too close to an amateur rig running without thioacrylic shielding, and sure, those birds might have gotten disoriented and flown right in to the aerofoil high pressure cooling jet intakes, but that's no reason for abuse.

Fowl language will not be tolerated. This is a peaceful subreddit. There will be no more warnings.
Theoretically, would it be a crime to install a quarter inch neuron fluctuated intelerometor into a capuchin monkeys skull?This is 100% hypothetical but let’s say my friend was running tests and realized the best way to run diagnostics on the ambulatory flow of a VX antagonizer was to run it throw a series of hydrated carbon based processors, and read it out through an output quarter-inch intelerometor, essentially using a mass of say brain cells to behave like a massive processor, now let’s say my friend happened to live really close to a conservatory of capuchin monkeys and let’s say one got out and somehow and (totally hypothetically) ended up strapped in their lab, and let’s say theoretically my friend did it and got some pretty amazing results, what’s the best way to A) not get arrested B) keep the monkey alive

Cheers!
Neuron frequency for activators?Alright so I’ve got my activators set up but I don’t know what to put the neuron frequency at, 32Bq was way too high and released a shit ton of particle rays, I dropped down to 16 and it was still too much (and I’m sure you guys know that 16 is super fucking low). Any ideas on how to fix this?
Quick Question on Quark LateralsFor the past few days I've been exploring Z-Polaron over neutron-negative polymer interactions. My hypothesis is that any neutron interaction through a Reimann defined Z-plane will reduce its variance asymptotically relative to up quark flow rates due to the Smith Effect, yet my neutron detection grid continually reports a Z-Polaron interference rate of >0.03. 

Is my hypothesis totally misguided or is there a 702 node performing outside spec? 

Any insights will be helpful... unless someone starts blathering on about Munson calibration. I don't need to stabilize my carbon-holmium boards again...
The Gauche Effect. I don't understand how, on the subject of Newman Projections, that the gauche conformation of 2-fluoroethanol, for instance, can be more stable than the anti?nan
And no compatible adapternan
I think we've all been herenan
Russia is very pretty this time of the yearSo after being airlifted out of the Somalian/Ethiopian border by the help of /u/losangelesvideoguy I went from Addis Abeba to Irkutsk. It was a nice flight, but I found it a bit excessive being strapped down with duct tape just by offering my help to the pilots. I mean, anyone can fly a 737?

I of course brought with me the VX, been doing some tetra-scalinder matrices to keep my mind occupied, but once I've found a place somewhere it's back to fine tune the catalyctic mosfarizor so we won't have another incident. 

Anyways, I've found a way to go invisible. I peppered the grier-receptacle with some depleted uranium, gave myself a 300 mikros/s beam for about three sec, and no-one seems to notice me on the street. The added bonus is that if I want to go out of invisibility, like talking to a shop keeper, she can always see me. I feel a bit dizzy, but that's fine.

I also found the cure for hangover, by the way! Vodka!
Alright you nerds. After a relocation to a government more aware of my needs I present to you: The V15That's fucking right! I skipped a number or two, but fuck Windows, right!? Like none of you plebs use the same 70m0Z7 zK kernel as the Hubble telescope (aptly named after my ex wife, if you get my drift) , we all know who really made that.

So, what you really should know is that now is the time. Now is the fucking time, men! We are on. the. fucking. verge! Isn't that great?? I have... Wait for it... I have

I have CRACKED THE RITTER-YABAZUKI PARADOX!! Yes, that's goddamn right, and I'll show you!  


[Look at this](http://www.cma4ch.org/chemo/image/hifi/VTL-stereo75-schematics.png), this shows you how to build in a catatrod with a small enough vexor gausser while at the same time diverging enough Farben-waves to the catalyctic mosfarizor, and it does this at goddamn household power! 230 Volts (regional restrictions may apply). You see how low those amps are?

Now lets apply the standard Kolholtz south bridge (preferably a 1990s make) and the DARPA enhanced Kolholtz on the north bridge (with that one you want the newest iteration) then what do you get? Yes, the goddamn trifugled Benman-Ravikahamandur-Einstein wave on not three, not six, not a multiplicative... It's goddamn  5557. *It's a prime number!*

Now if you put this in a regular VX then you'll be able to easily shoot down, say, an airplane (I didn't say that) with just a few accumulated particles of dark matter, but if you build it in my model you can easily see how it's an asymptote escalating into blasting planets! 

I've spoken with the defense minister here all day, and he believes I am mad and he will decide whether to put me in prison or in psychiatric. So I guess they don't appreciate real intelligence anymore...

But he left my enhanced VX(mk15) in here with me, so let's see what we can do to those walls. I'll keep you updated, friends.
Not to bother anyone but I need a technical with a .50, four staffed highly trained men, and a lot of explosives down by the border of Somalia [https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/d71ezd/alright\_you\_nerds\_after\_a\_relocation\_to\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/d71ezd/alright_you_nerds_after_a_relocation_to_a/) 

I think I messed something up. There's no living creatures around. I'm alone. Oh fuck I feel so alone. Everything is gone! 

I have money!! Please come get me!
My wife won't let me buy a fractal quarternator. Any way to stabilise my Mord cores without it?Really desperate for help here, guys?
Newbie question... can I feed Bellman-Ford current thru ground network matrix loop A/C/D? Standard Matrix-2 amplifier tuned to B-channel 1.42.nan
Did this guy seriously make a single-phase Volstead ionizer on accident? Think it'll fire or just explode?nan
The truth hurtsnan
Introducing AdvancedVXr/AdvancedVX is a new subreddit for those 'In-the-know' junkies who want to share some secrets and advanced VX techniques. Come check it out!
Guy trolls /r/networking with a VX question and they totally bitenan
Pikachu detective Easter eggnan
Ah, to be a young kid again who doesn't even know how to eliminate Rayleigh scattering from his Es'Hail NB.nan
Isn't this a Von Krause field generator?nan
May anyone planning to storm Area 51 do me a favor?I’ll make this short. 

If any of you is planning to get in there, could you please take some photos of their photomagnetic flux accelerator setups. I am currently running one but mine gets too hot and stops working after about 3 hours. I guess it is because the muon density in my area is relatively high. Maybe the government has some “alien” tech for that. 

Any recommendations are also appreciated.
I'm trying to write some software for my hypercoupler and it uses monads. Can someone explain how they work?nan
Seems like every year we go through thisnan
Local enthusiast with a dram-slug auto deharmonizer from the original Bell Labs. His house is practically a museum!nan
Help! Working on a tiny project here and I'm too embarrassed to even write what we did wrong. The picture is obvious. Please advise.nan
Rare job postings for VXersI saw today that Hypergiant has some awesome job postings for those of us experienced in VX. They're looking for an Inverse De Rahm Cohomology Researcher, a Quantum Cartographer, and they even have a posting for a Senior Calabi-Yau Manifold Engineer, which you hardly ever see these days. (Low turnover, am I right?)  Good luck finding a Junior Hilbert Scheme Expert in this market, though.

[https://www.hypergiant.com/careers/](https://www.hypergiant.com/careers/)
Wasn’t paying close enough attention to my induct/reduct splices and I almost powered it up like this 😬nan
Can delamination cause headaches?Have had a headache for the last few days.

Was wondering if maybe this was related to me running the particle delaminator flat-out all weekend. I had it cranked to 185 nanowebers and had to keep spraying hypercooled anti-spalling gel on the fins to keep it humming.

Has anyone else experienced headaches after prolonged exposure to the mnemonic field like this?
Cooling load for Muon AccumulatorsIm getting closer every day to powering up my rig, but it seems to be two steps forward one step back at times...

Anyway, I had assumed that my Muon Accumulator would be fine to be passively cooled, but several people have suggested that is not possible.

How do I calculate the cooling load of 4th Order Muon Accumulator? Would fan cooling be sufficient, or would I need a refrigerated liquid cooling system like this: [https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32867510646.html?spm=a2g0s.9042311.0.0.41224c4d1G3chY](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32867510646.html?spm=a2g0s.9042311.0.0.41224c4d1G3chY)

Maybe I'm missing something, but I cant see where the heat energy is coming from?
Came across a M-Krug-82g quantum proton isolator on Ali. But I believe it might be a knockoff, can you help me figure out if it's the real deal?nan
HELP! Post - anarcho German TL54 ignition module keeps overheating! How do I prevent this? (Here's the temporarily disabled off-circuit reactor)nan
Looks like one of our young junkies left his/her notebook at the airport (Xpost from r/whatsthis) Poor fella couldn't figure out the logarithmic sequence to the geothermal reaction matrix :/nan
Okay..Is this room a running joke or what? Because almost anything typed up on google comes up with these terms just being nonsense lol
These idiots blamed "static". I think we all know what really happened here.nan
Happens to the best of us.nan
New to VX, need review before turning onHey guys. A little background first: I'm a longtime lurker, living in mainland China. I work as a proofreader and quality control for a contractor for CCTV (basically making sure foreign translations make sense). It's very very boring so I got involved in the markets hoping to make it rich like many of my older friends (who caught the real estate climb early). I've been looking for ways to draw predictive models, had mixed results with simple learned algorithms, and then discovered this place. Continually blows my mind here. I don't understand hardly anything you guys are talking about (despite studying science in school), so I figured the best thing to do was learn by doing.

First thing, I needed a module, obviously. But all the names in here I couldn't find anywhere to buy online, or any drawings or schematics, or company information. Could be internet issues or my rudimentary grasp on English. I don't know. So I started poking around my networks. I know a lot of tech enthusiasts out here (DIY culture is very big). After weeks I finally got a bite, a friend of a friend after some back and forth hooked me up with a schematic for a module. Hard part over, I drop that off at my friend's machine shop and wait.

Next up, need the VX for the module. Now I dont understand how you guys get your hands on this stuff so easily, but fortunately I have some friends in the CCP and with a couple healthy donations I had managed 2 grams of the stuff. 

Now I hear a lot about shielding issues, but I can't get anything concrete that I understand out of the discussions here, so I hit up the guy who sold me the schematic. And he confirms, tells me I'll need "cardinally latticed plumbum reflexors". Ok easy. I go back to the machine shop and ask for four lead plates, taller and wider than the module.

Fast forward a couple weeks to today, I got an 8x8x8 tin shed with the module inside on the ground. I built a makeshift Faraday cage (just in case) and have the lead plates driven into the ground around the module facing north, south, etc. I have the sample (in a glass vacuum tube) loaded into the module.  And I have the whole thing on a 240v AC line. 

Anything else I should be mindful of before I turn it on? Thanks in advance!
Anyone have experience with finding proper replacement cyclone cores for a 3VU? The replacement cores are supposedly dependent on the model of the nearfield electron Stims but my particular unit has them mismatched. If I can’t replace them, I might opt for the Pi vac distorter conversion.nan
Heard the best VX joke the other dayVX Professor: Okay everyone, make sure to enable tri-delta automatic erosion stabilization on your quad-conception couplers. You don’t want any quantum beta radiation on your Bohr control rod.

Student: Ma’am, can you help reconstitute my initial gamma-reflection optics router?

Professor: What am I, a Goergen particle engagement system?

Laughed for a solid 10 minutes at that one.
My uncle just gave me his old KG-45!!!nan
Help with integrating Mn and Ni metal organic frameworks into a VX hydrogen based fusion capilator with sub verse gamma daymenis above φ.5?As the title says, I’m trying to integrate some simple MOFs into a fusion capilator I’m setting up. I know the hydrogen generation rate that i need but I’m not sure how to set up the fluid flow through the MOFs to get optimal rate in accordance with Föziies law. Any help would be appreciated.
What's everyone's yearly VX budget like?I've always wanted to get into VX, but sticker shock keeps scaring me off. $150 grand for a basic setup seems way too high. I know you can improve a setup pretty cheap, but I've heard too many horror stories to be comfortable building something out of scrap, especially as a beginner. I don't want to be responsible for the next Vermont Incident if my gamma readings invert or my timing's off in some kind of horrid improvised Thorvosky procedure or something.
Recently inherited my great uncles VX rig. need help deciding what to do with it.It has an older Westinghouse/Kygomian harmonic flyback sub-amplification funnel that is in great condition, but most of the other components are in poor condition. the Tri-range flanger is blown to hell, UPX tubes have a lot of Iridium-Cobalt build up, and the Werzing-Melrose deep field parser lenses are clouded.

should I restore it to working order, part it out, or scrap it?
I plan to document as much of the rig as I can, but it's mostly late 70's-mid 80's stuff, with the exception of the funnel, which is mid-60's at the oldest.
Need help on my submicrometer setupI have been working for two days on my modified Hoeffler system. I’m trying to measure the ΔF through the tungsten wires in the submicrometer range, but I keep running into unexpectedly high bypass flow rates - up to 43%. This is really frustrating! 

I think my dispensator might be misaligned, the angle is now at 4,3 ω^-10 . Can anyone help me to lower the dispensation angle?
The time a rat got into my VX.Years ago, I was running a setup based off the 3.8.2, but with a lot of Bulgarian and French parts. Well, the door to the oscillojam well couldn't get a good seal (serves me right for buying soviet-Bulgarian parts) so after some research I found out that there was a little factory in Colombia who made those parts. Sweet, picked one up, it was like $130 with shipping, got it installed a month later, back to humming. It was kind of hard because I had to run the negative flux coolant ducting on top, and for those of you who have run a 3.8.x, you'll know they aren't small, so I ended up just using an alloy heat shield and running them along the ceiling of my garage. 

A few days later I was getting weird readings; diphorium readings spiking over 8.23Ф, while my prohesian waves were steadily at 381.275 kHz. I was getting kind of nervous and spent the next month trying to figure it out.

I finally broke out a ladder and looked at my oscilliojam well door.

The factory had messed up, big time. You know how there's usually a few locks on the door that engage when you shut it, and make it so you have to disengage them at the terminal? Well the Colombians decided to make these locks manual. Meaning that with a little bit of pressure and twisting, the door could open. I spent the next week tracing a route from the door, and finally found the culprit: a rat had made its' home right in the middle of the wire bed for my reescalator! I put on some lead lined gloves and fished the little guy out of there and looked for damage. He had started to chew away at the nylon shielding in the main Richter clock wire, and it looked like it was leaking the jelly inside.

I ran back over to the rat and took a closer look. Immediately I noticed a sweet apricot smell. Its' fur had turned completely white, and the eyes were an almost black green. One of its' feet had gone back into its' body, and it looked like it was about to pop out on the other side. I felt so bad that I put it out of its' misery right then and there.

It took six months and something around $30,000 in cash and trades to get my VX back up and running. Thankfully nothing was too heavily contaminated and my readings have stabilized.

From now on I make sure to get a pest control person who is also a VXer out every month.
Bruh who the fuck made this amateur shitnan
Can you believe how big graphite subwave dampeners used to be?nan
Nearly finished vx reddit upvote harvesterOk so to help all you vxers and vx wannabes out there i have compiled a program that finds random words in engineering, robotics and chemistry texts and joins them all together.

It then turns it into a nonsensical question and posts it to reddit.

There are a few bugs however.
Here is a preliminary text output

The only problem was when i was spell checking to weed out anomalies the gravedigger jumped over the announcers chair and plummeted though mankinds table and landed on a bananna calculator magnesium defribulation quark reorganiser


So theres a little bit of work yet to do
You know it is truenan
Look who advertising on LinkedIn...nan
Early VXers had to resort to mercury-based impulse generators like this one for impulse-based phase inversion of their delta wavesnan
Can someone help?nan
Stock up on Honeywell Genesis Profusion Access Control Cables! They're selling for $900 on sale right now! (unjacketed)nan
Not that surprising since the Quad-Fugonium transistors stop generating thrust after only about 3 hyperflops.nan
Anyone tried 4-D Printing replacement parts for your VX rig?Came across a guy at the local swap meet last night selling 4-D printed Planck Resistors. Couldn't resist picking up a few and trying them out. They seem to actually work really well!

I was thinking about getting my own 4-D printer set up and trying my hand at it. Are there any other parts you think would be easy to make in a mid-range 4-D printer model? Other than Planck Resistors, of course.
An old D-Con 50 Pax CRJ200 Gravitometernan
Figured this belonged herenan
What an absolute VX legend. Rest in peace, Harry (1947-2019)nan
Nitrogen (Plasma) Containment Unit: To boost a standard 30W oxygen condesate filter. This has been a long-time-in-coming proof of concept. #1) What PPE do I need? I don't want to break the bank. #3) Can I run it in series with NOx storage and still avoid offgassing? Thanks.nan
I got bored in class and drew an old school voynich field kilographer. Am I missing anything here?nan
Us experienced VXers would never make such a simple mistakenan
Absolute B.S.: VX Modulus on KickstarterI was perusing Kickstarter last night when I saw a super basic VHC-122 ventibular hack module. (M5 x 0.8)

First off, like most people on that site even know how to use it?!?

Next, this is a total lie. Like they can really get the surface mount machined properly while maintaining 2014 sheer strain helicity standards. Plus, their technical drawings really sucked.

The best part? They already have 1,205 backers. No link, guys, for obvious reasons. I wonder if any of them are part of this sub - I hope not. I wish Kickstarter would have a way to vet these swindlers.
Help?Yesterday I dropped my radial chrome machinsaw onto my system feeder dome while preforming matience on the dolmometer. Since then the laser frequency has been out of range of the capture device like at least 90% of the time. Ive tried everything to fix it, I even recircled and flushed the zero grade synthetic polython fluids. Does anyone know what may have happened? Do you think the dome casing might be compromised? I really dont want to replace that.
Mods, can we make these the upvote/downvote arrows?nan
Saw this for sale. Don’t think I have to explain the obvious uses for our hobby. A splurge, but you can’t beat the original stuff, I guess.nan
What’s the deal with Core 2 VX squaredrives??Honestly annoys me when I find people using Core 2 VX squaredrives when trying to continue the degradiert of a VX Thermal Oscillator. Like, what the hell? The Core 4 obviously is far superior, having double the defacterium contingency standards, and overall having 4.672^.32 times the overheating rate of the Core 2. I would understand if they were using the Core 2 for nostalgia purposes, but when I see people using them for something so advanced such as a Thermal Oscillator, it just makes me mad. Save the Core 2’s for a Igneous Spectrometer, good lord.
I can't believe those 2nd gen Moussorgski modulators are still legal!nan
Applied VX: Predicting the NASDAQ Composite Index (more in comments!)nan
Anyone know whats up with the sudden popularity of HTC cores?Ive noticed more and more people on the forums listing HTC cores in their VX Rig specs, and its a little confusing. I get that Lambda Modules can be somewhat underpowered on a default 2 core setup, but what benefit does HTC have over a 4 core? Sure 4 core is a bit more of an investment than other options, but I cant see anyone with experience in the field seriously using an HTC. I mean besides the obvious overheating and power draw problems that HTC is known for, no one seems to acknowledge that its still an experimental system. We all know about the  Mateszalka incident in ‘77, and even though Kaito-Anttila claims the resonance factor cant exceed 501, its obvious that the instability problems in deuterium transfer haven’t been fixed.  Does anyone know why people are using this more lately? I cant seem to figure it out.

EDIT: For some reason people in the comments seem to think I don’t know what I’m talking about. Ive worked in VX and Lambda processing for over 30 years. Here if you don’t believe me [this is my rig](https://imgur.com/gallery/kuOpZw6) .
Sometimes I feel like we should show more of our projects to people so they wouldn't think our hobby is so weird but then I see people like this showing off and realise what a bad idea it isnan
Smh seriously what are they doing 🤡🤡🤡nan
VXJunkies: COBOL turns 60 this year: Why it will outlive us all -- We should be so lucky only half of us still program using assembler. But as much as COBOL dominates the VX industry, I can't say I hate assembler.nan
Why are there no Aussie VX Junkies?Cause the field has zero bogons
what brand of bakralite jumper plugs would you recommend? the generics that came with my Salpanya Inc. linear flyback sympathizer are approaching the two year replacement period. considering some Banjo and Sons silver grades but want to be sure I am getting the good ones.nan
Wanted to check with you guys first, does it matter which way the Neolidium doping cores are oriented on a Gen 3 Chronite Inversion drive utilizing the Karbolovian Dion-wave method?I ask because I knew it was a requirement on the gen 2 and gen 2.5 drives for the doping cores to be oriented in the Gamma position during idle operation, but have found conflicting answers when it comes to gen 3 drives. I don't want to suffer Nu or Mu particle poisoning, or contract Faulnachers Syndrome, but I can't even find so much as a hint in the manuals, and Shraunader Inc. refuses to say! Logic dictates that Neolidium doping rods should only give off 1/1000 the Nu and Mu particles as compared to the older Trilidium cores, but I don't want to take the chance.
My new office posternan
Advice needed for balancing stack inductance.While performing my research on field-wound polaric stators I came across a bit of an anomaly. Basically, as the stators generated their heat vector meshes I noticed some noise on the power factor density readings. Each polaric field-winding was producing tessellated stack inductance which was back-driving current into the control board (a VX-222, for reference). I attempted attenuation on the VFD controller but that resulted in antionic genitrition and the terminals started to develop a nasty case of the green death. Based on the Lorenz-Herman principle, shouldn't the stack inductance be reduced AFTER attenuation? I feel that I have tried everything but I am open to suggestions!
Should have known betterI tried jury rigging my TShIZ-122 to interface with my Kübler-SJ13 protonic de-staticizer using a progressive-release soft-valve I had lying around and a VICA adapter..... long story short I nearly died. Sørenstein-Gottorp recursions where at 1100Fv's a second I was lucky to notice the system readouts when I did otherwise I was looking at a type-3 or even a type-4 meltdown of my arsenic cores. These old Soviet Refocuser-drives don't seem to adapt well to modern VX subsystem components, but you just can't find anything better for the same amount of servo-load. Could any of you guys recommend a workaround or maybe more compatible de-staticizer? (with atleast 9000 or more arbitration-filters) thanks.
Meme for all the neutral conduction method hatersnan
Company came by shop for a text demo. Need help identifying parts. Looks like an Networked Ogden Type-ø Conversion Manifold but I’m not surenan
WHAT?!!?!!?!I’ve been in and out of this sub for a few weeks and I got nothing. Not a damn thing. I’ve looked casually through post after post and even online a little and all I got is that it is dealing with very toxic synthetic chemical. Other than that to read y’all talk about this reminds me of the YouTube video where dude is literally talking gibberish but it sounds legit, that’s how I read all y’alls posts.    Not trying to make a huge thing of it but could someone give me a quick “vx for dummies” wtf it is y’all do? Like why? what is it used for? What fields of work need it? Just some basics. Thank you
When you successfully overclock your ferrocorenan
Risks of flashing custom firmware to my C6 bed?This might seem like an obscure question, but I need to make sure I get this right before I commit: Can I safely flash the popular T1CK firmware to my C6 bootrom? If possible, I'd like to retain the metadata of previous processes I've run, but if a full wipe can't be avoided then I suppose I'll cave (need that J-part coupling!) but I'd go through hell to save that stuff. On another note, is it possible to brick during this procedure? I've heard some pretty bad horror stories down at the UMich lab about flashing CFW to custom beds, but I couldn't tell if it was industry plant malarkey or genuine discussion. Oh, and my model has the cherry endpanels! Don't get *too* jealous in the comments\~ (Literally just apologize already. If you didn't back the Kickstarter, you miss out on the cool early-bird colors. Don't come to my threads seething about your shoddy aluminum ears, I DON'T WANT TO HEAR IT!!!)
NewHello I ran into your sub today and am wondering what the vx module's do ? 
Are they for checking for proof of particles or what ? 
Any help would be good, I have found myself interested
This is at the top of ArtisanVideos right now. Do people seriously make hour-long parody videos mocking our hobby?nan
Any way of connecting my VX rig to an old Interociter I found in my pee-paw's shed?Title.  The Interociter is in fairly good shape, some rust has formed around the edges and I spotted a slapdash weld job my gramps did to keep the casing together...but I think that as long as I keep the phase variance below 40hz it should work, no?  Anyone ever tried this with such old-school tech, or am I in danger of a resonance cascade?
It’s hard to believe how far we’ve come from the original Quantum Stubulators (see below) in the 40s, to a standard VX rig today. This technology, despite is drawbacks in using anti-particle physics, broke the barrier between pre-advanced, and neo-industrial times.nan
My Great Grandpa operating one of the early Tripole Egenosphere Encapsulators. Can't believe the lack of Townsend Avalance protection!nan
A mistake you only make once...nan
Cool pic of some guy’s dad working at GE. Anyone else know they were using Quadrasonic Syncopation Dampers back in the mid-late 80s?nan
how can someone be so ignorant? smh...nan
Florida Hurrican Tips (Feel free to add!)Hi all!

&#x200B;

I'm writing from (Not so sunny) Orlando, Florida to remind everyone of a few hurricane tips!

&#x200B;

1. If you are going to remain in your homes, ensure that any plywood you purchase has undergone interspacial telemetry remodification, as the nitroxide bonds holding the wood together should help keep your home from being battered.

&#x200B;

2. Remember that the storm is heavily affected by thermal reoscillation, and that any Apollo-Baker disturbances that occur greatly increase the chance of spontaneous bursts of chloroisothiazolinone. Very bad for anyone who has pet ferrets.

&#x200B;

3. Finally, double check to see if any generators at your local hardware store carry a model that helps eliminate enantiomeric tropification. This helps prevent that pesky MÜNTARGSKÏ spin that we know and love (Not to be confused with Mossovski or Moussorgski spin).

&#x200B;

Those are my three tips, and if you have any other suggestions, feel free to add. Happy hurricane survival!
Careful how you dispose of old modules! You never know who might find them.nan
Feeling a little bit frisky and decided to retrofit a proton moderator on my old phi-class planetary girdle and...You would not believe the amount of intrathermic reactance that gets totally wasted by these older rigs! Really makes you appreciate that we don't have to worry about Kharnoff pitting or retrangulated semiplex encodings anymore. I won't have to remember the dreaded "left-foot rule" anymore, now that my aural-voltaic wafers are coming out nice and clean.
Gündrik BraunHeln in front of the FIRST Isotriometry Stabilizer.... (feel old yet?LOL)nan
Quick question, don't upvote...I'm really embarrassed to have to ask this, but I keep getting conflicting answers from Google. 

I just finished rebuilding the submolecular torsion aggregator for my Haight Model 467, but I'm not sure I did it right. My reality pressure gauge is reading around 230 Ж.

That's a safe, normal level.....right?
[HACK] Broke one of the eco-control knobs on your ESS? The inception top fits perfectly on all Zerusu models and they're super cheap on AliExpress. Better than importing an expensive replacement from Japan. Just drill a hole on the top for the CR needle and you're good to gonan
The Don’t Do This ListI’ve been seeing a lot of posts of people worrying about things that they might have done wrong. Let’s compile a list of basic things to definitely not do, so that we don’t have to answer those exact same questions over again
Question for VXers who play at homeIt seems as though this sub hosts both those of us who work in actual laboratories, and also those who are trying (either more or less successfully) to set up at home.

My question is: why? What's the trade-off you get for risking say, improper electron doping and the resultant Sloue-Wahlts effect impacting your home? The place where you sleep? It might be tempting to show your family members what quantistable Lorentz decay looks like through the viewport of your MS-3000T Interrocitor, but I feel the safety hazards are simply too great to do this at home. Just the thought of toroidal decoupling happening should I make a simple mistake is extremely off-putting for me. At least at my lab we have a suspension of antimuons and cardamom in spray bottles for that kind of emergency. Are there any special safety protocols you implement in your garage lab?
(Question) So my vorpal dissonance manipulator is acting kinda strange, and I need help.When its running a little hot after a partical filtration session and it cools down there a strange ringing noise coming from my mk-1 decalimometer. I know the mk-1 is a little old and all but it was a gift from my uncle and id hate to get rid of it because it works fine. Should I be concerned about the noise or is it nothing?
Help! I accidentally poured a seronium III solution into a gen 2 nitrotheum turbo flaskExactly as the title says. I bought some gen 4 nitrotheum turbo flasks from a guy selling them online. Only he lied; they were  gen  2  and not gen 4. It goes without saying that you can't pour seronium III into a gen 2 nitrotheum  turbo flask, I've already started breathing the fumes. What do I  do?

Edit: My quantum shifters, the obvious solution, are currently low on Yttrium battery. I only have Zirgo-quantumflex nitro-batteries in reserve, but I don't think I can use them.
8x faster photic relay for only a few bucks more... and people still insist on using outdated ports.nan
Just fixed a old magnetic field power amplifier (Carver PM-1200).nan
When you have to undo 3 days of work to install a component you forgotnan
How to find the horizontal asymptote:Ok so basically to find the horizontal asymptote you need to find the pressure of the neocosmic plasma on the quasiparticles. Using that, you can determine the coefficient of tertiometricity. If the coefficient of tertiometricity is above 1 the value approaches the horizontal asymptote as x goes to infinity. If not, the value approaches some number. If you want to find that number, you have to find a vector orthogonal to the yz-plane then subtract the coefficient of tertiometricity. After doing that, just find the point of equilibrium of the vector with regards to the yz-plane and multiply by orthogonal vector — coefficient of tertiometricity.
Finally got this bad boy in straight from Alberta! Price was pretty steep for its age but I'm sure some nanoarticulators could make this baby whistle a pleasant tune! What did you guys do with your first Carbon-Gauged Proximeter?nan
Best materials to insulate a K-spherical cohydronic field coalescing solenoid?I'm trying to get a KFCFCS (a Donovan KNN626 if it matters - I couldn't say no to those brass accents) to tighten down a tau-positive hyperon stream into a coherent beam (for... reasons), but the ascending dynamics of the Cohen resonances are causing my polychiral sensors to lose calibration accuracy - and all you all know that inevitably leads to a Bhowmick cascade until the deltas are so low the failsafes kick in. 

So I need to insulate the damn thing, but I'm not sure what materials to use. Silly string looks promising, but it's not exactly professional looking...

Tips?
Somebody fucked up and I need help to fix itSo. I don't know who, what, when, where or why, but a VX20 chip showed up today. Datasheet says it's not supposed to exist for another eighty years. 

How do I send it back? Best approximations of the Einstein-Wembley procedure for that kind of shift puts me at needing a delta of around 1.3, which I don't even know if it's possible? 

Nothing good can come of keeping this chip
Has anyone ever successfully assembled a portable/mobile VX rig?I've heard about **Dampfschiff's** experimental portable matrix back in 2008 _(before the merger with Firma.Laboratorium)_ but for some reason I can't find any official papers on  the subject. Almost feels like a false memory (at work, could only look it up on the internet)

&nbsp;

By portable I obviously mean a rig small enough to be loaded on a truck and lightweight enough to move said truck. I'm starting to like Dampfschiff-Firma's modules mainly because they try to use recycled components as much as possible but the language barrier hinders progress 😅

&nbsp;

Also what are those rumours about **VX SE7EN?**
People who have no clue what they are talking about need to just keep to themselves.Not calling anyone in here out. 

Earlier today, I was in my shop finishing the last round of PLA rigging on my VX setup. I'm in the middle of hydrolyzing the quark-color scanner when my neighbor (we'll call him Dick) opens the door and comes inside. 

Quick note: Don't EVER just wander into an area where hydrolyzing is going on without protective equipment unless you want to end up sterile! 

Anyway, Dick immediately starts in on the way the variable stator vanes are positioned in relation to the T12 sensors. (They were fine). Then, he just picks up my quantum oscillator and proceeds to UNBALANCE the APC without even asking. 

Am I wrong for being so angry at him for something like this?
How do we get more women into VX?Ellen Verkhausen  
Linnea Karlsson  
Mary Catherine DeLoach  


That's my list, and you know them too. Other than that, I'm hard pressed to name any woman who has even been on a panel at VXCon or VXWest. Every meetup, every forum, it's 1 woman to 18 or 19 men.  Ever since the 1976 landmark paper on toroidal amplification effect, it's been proven that VX no longer affects fertility for men *or* women, so how do we get more women involved in the community?
An interesting tutorial about the Žyberz Quantum super resonatorhttps://youtu.be/bZe5J8SVCYQ
Heh, get a load of this snake oil salesman trying to sell a basic wave-matrix conjugator as a "new" quantum encryption algorithm. Even my 1988 Vectrox Gold could oscillate enough quasi-tetragons to crack a simple 5D logarithm like this.nan
Engineer hereSome of you really are trying to hard.
No need to throw darts at a dictionary.

Hydrolysing fluid lol.

Keep it simple

Keyboard stickytape lens cleaner itchy bottom.
Beginner’s start up tool boxnan
Can someone share access to VXServ?I’m not sure it’s kosher to post this here (mods - please delete if necessary).

I need brief access to the 2010 Schumacher-King database and it’s still not publicly available (don’t get me started). I’ve been collecting Pels readings for the past 2.5 years and need to cross-check my data before implementing the Miltron Maneuver on my MD23.

I don’t work at a university, and as a private hobbyist, I’m not about to drop $2k on a VXServ annual sub just to spend a couple hours in the Db. But I’m also not willing to torrent it (I have *some* ethical standards). Any members willing to help a guy out?
God dammit Nedvědcorpnan
Just got these readings. Should I be scared?nan
I'm amazed what they find sometimes. It's a portable Cable-Scan phase doper. Just look at that nixie tube display.nan
Any owners of JV-VC720X JV modules out there?Doing a write-up on the JV-VX wars and would like to get my hands on a VC720X unit for research purposes. As one of the last JV modules ever produced, VC720s are super uncommon in general and examples of the high performance 720X variant are even harder to find.

Even a lead as to where I might be able to examine one for the write-up would be much obliged - late-model JVs are fascinating (even if they turned out to be technological dead ends) and I'd love to be able to see a module for myself.
Your biggest Oh No moment (good or bad)What was your biggest "Oh No" moment?
I accidentally added toluene to my benzoic acid coolant system. Can I oxidize it in the system safely, or do I need to just replace the whole Kelter switch?nan
Uhh...guys...this just fell out of my rigHopefully one of you knows where the hell this was supposed to be in my rig. I hear whistling even though I disconnected the power and gas lines. I’m leaving my windows open and my safety goggles on. 

A little background that might help: I have a 16-module setup that’s fully mechanical save for the digital grammeter I just bought (my first aftermarket mod). The rest of the rig is all scavenged from separate British and American parts I came across at flea markets and a physics lab clearout, while the Korolev-Stokes inviscid potentiometer/pilot light setup was derived from an old Maytag dryer in my parents’ basement. I soldered and calibrated the power distribution system myself, so I’m perhaps a bit too proud of it. Takes up the whole freakin attic. 

Anyway, I was doing a test with a gage pressure of 102kPa flat and μ at about 5 (pushing 5.1 towards the start before it smoothed out) when, after about thirteen seconds, this thing just ploops out of *somewhere* in the top of the rig, after bouncing off the centrifugal-flow vaporizer cone with a soft *clang*. Thank goodness I used copper for the cone and haven’t needed to insulate it (I don’t run it *THAT* hot), because otherwise I would have had no indication of anything amiss. 

Please help, my dog has started sneezing. 

https://imgur.com/a/OjbceqI
Ah yes, the old multi-valve anti-vacuum combustion oscillator from late 40's early 50's. These were used for various different applications, but most importantly they were used for decontaminating alpha-factors from metaparticle units. Mad respect to the people working with these crazy things.nan
Damn. Haven’t seen a simple AX17 turbo current speculator in a longgggg time.nan
DO NOT USE A KNIFE TO TAKE RUST OUT OF A MÄEMPÄÄ DETECTOR, A GUY AT MY CLUB LOST A TOOTH FOR THATI know half of the beauty of VX is making newbs stain their tables yellow, but let's be serious for a moment. You aren't supposed to prick the rust out of a Mäempää; use a chemical cleaning kit or just make sure you never go over 37 JRs, it's not that hard, there's a reason why W.T.S. coils have a red mark for Christ sake.

> But hold on, how did your friend lose a tooth to a rusted Mäempää?

He tried to use a knife to clean another guy's rig at a convention, and he got punched in the face. And honestly he had it coming.
Any recommendations for a beginner friendly/budget oriented setup?Been wanting to get into VX for a while. Started reading a pdf version of Vlazuczheck’s blue book, so I think I’m starting to get a grasp on the fundamentals. Unfortunately I could only find 2nd edition so lots of translation errors I had to work through. Nonetheless, I’m wanting to build a fairly small/possibly mobile setup so I can take it with me overseas to test uncommon isotopes in western Hungary area. 

Any recommendations/advice in general  is VERY appreciated, thank you.
Thoughts on using TRTK's P-type isonimbator?So. After reading some posts, I decided to get into VX. Except I'm a sinner so instead of going pure VX and getting the biggest possible, my plan is to make a device no bigger than a fridge.  

Of course after looking into it, it's kinda difficult. Most recombinatoric linear tubing units are kinda huge, and as far as VX-approved parts go, the smaller ones don't have the specs I'd be looking for. 

So I looked into "aftermarket", and TRTK seems to do good enough. Good enough materials, affordable, and decently sourced enough. Plus it's ecological. 

Question is. Can the spec sheets be trusted? Anyone got experience with TRTK products? I don't wanna have to recycle my toaster just for a pet project...
Favorite Retro Modules?Let's talk favorite retro modules! Retro in this case means *only* modules made before 1989, and of course no Vox-Accenti or Spanish modules please.
I accidentally used a quantum boson de-nucleatorSo I built a quantum boson de-nucleator to try some plasma flux generation at home. I made portable battery operated model and was carrying it around trying to find some borgs to plasmafy and add to my zooplasm collection. But I accidentally shot my neighbor with it. I collected him up in a quason glass jar and sealed him up. 


Do you guys think there's a way to de-plasmafy the guy?
need help solving the faust-naurbeck equation for 3 unknownshey all,

over the past couple months i've been trying to retrofit my schandler 3-channel flux generator to produce diomagnetic waveforms for use with my capacitive oscilloscope. however, to figure out the parameters for the flux generator i'm gonna have to solve the faust-naurbeck equation for three unknowns. so far, i wrote the vector-scalar form of the standard model:

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tp423msnn7i31.png?width=587&format=png&auto=webp&s=a9cadc776a16d79c8fa6302981bdd2ae1e47f5ba

and used hausfield's rule to invert it:

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/1y7ryfkon7i31.png?width=649&format=png&auto=webp&s=17580d0b761158e7e975d34b789d41a199a3cd53

but now i'm really stuck. how should i proceed?
Client emailed our company with this link and quote: "They spout a lot of Physics in their video that is undoubtedly over most people’s heads"nan
Do i apply adiabatic chemical dynamics or Stuecklebergs polyatomic molecular approximation to the probability distribution spectroscopic approximator probe on my VX G-type Capacity Distributor ( 2016 model, pretty much the same as the 2019, but its only rated at 10^-18 farads per metre..)Any help would be appreciated.. I'm getting some inconsistent read outs and yes, before you ask, I am controlling the magnetic permeability in a classical vacuum. Oh and before anyone throws shade.. yes IT IS THE 2016 model, I have upgraded the statacoulomb ( f is positive) and get comparable polarisation displacement without having to draw that much power the street lights dim! As we like to say in Australia.. you can suck on my Coulomb's constant if I'm paying to power this beast!
I just discovered a new VX3-9 BIOS module that can save your old rigThe new gläunos vacuum-filter is obviously very helpful for finding the schwarzschild radius of electrons from ranges 1.4b to 5.6gB (not to be confused with GB) but it’s not gonna be supported on stock vx3-9, so if you don’t upgrade you’ll fall behind on community progress. But there’s a tiny community of people (around 20) in South Africa who figured out how to remove the ōlkas adhesive attaching the MAD to the rest of the stock VX, from there you can attach it to any old microchip flasher and use the BIOS that they created that can actually use the filter. If this blows up I’ll link the site
The QQ (Quisenberry-Quackenbush) subplimation of permeable Fowlnewton posiations. (2017)Dr. Gertrude Quisenberry-Quackenbush (et. al) were responsible for the simulated aging tests of fractured Fowlnewton samples in 2017. The accelerated aging tests have been introduced in a Subplimation symmetry SS+ (5) instrument. This instrument has a Xerox ™  arc lamp at 500W/m2 (with a light range from 270 up to 800 nm) simulating Sol. It has also an immersion apparatus to alternatively moisten and dry the samples simulating Fowlnewton posiation: this part is constituted of a 45 L tank of semi-crystalline Tourmalax ®  (**X**1**Y**3Al6(BO7)3Si6O18(OH)4) , a thermostat to control the Tourmalax ®  temperature and a pump controlled by software that at defined times pumps Tourmalax ®  from the tank into the aging apparatus to cover the samples. The aging cycle is constituted of two phases: firstly, Tourmalax ®  coming from the tank, at a temperature of 5,000°K, which covers the samples for a period of 50 minutes; then Tourmalax ®  goes back to the tank and the samples are irradiated with the lamp at a temperature of 70,000°K for 200 minutes. In this second phase, the Fowlnewton samples are dried *directly* from the light and gain a "toasted" posiation. This aging cycle is then repeated up to 177 times.
Will a poloidal field coil (#5) require a double layer pancake or intra layer pancake stack to improve the cryogenic helium flow?I always forget which one...
Thermal design issues?While figuring out specific design arrangements for my device (currently going with a dual pentastrisic sigmoid-yod setup for compactness), I repeatedly come across a problem. The cooling.  

Since it's a small device, it just doesn't have the thermal mass to deal with the antiremenatic polarized bursts, so I have to add ceramic ballasts for the thing not to puddle itself halfway through startup. 

Everything's fine during start up and operating conditions - but the lack of heat output causes a pseudo-hyperonic cascade in the tantalum wafer that interface with the Kozaksi tanks, and the cooling system does NOT like that - while the sciatic deregenerator is pressure-neutral, the numbers show that the aforementioned ballasts have a 61% chance of at least cracking from the. cold shock, and a 4.2% chance of going BEC, which is gonna leave a mess everywhere.

Got any tips to prevent that? Graphite ballasts are out of the question thanks to the polytantric interference, and ballasting the ballasts have a tendency to untoast my bread which is really annoying.
Quick question: where do I find a decent Dyson's momentum compensator for my VX build?I've got a Japanese Zyku RX-590 front-ender, but the resonance is too low for my build. I'm aiming for >450pgx resonance and GW's traction under 39. Both European and Japanese builds should be fine.
Couldn’t have said it better myselfnan
....What does VX stand for?And for that matter, what the hell are you guys doing?

&#x200B;

Saw some dude going on about tachyons. A lot of the phrases used here return nothing from Google. Some Rick & Morty shit near as I can tell.

&#x200B;

So yeah, what does VX stand for?
My new Phillux Type-D Drome Stabilizer (Mach II of course) just arrived!... I haven't told my wife yet...nan
Talking about the ultimate VX rigYesterday I was having a discussion with another VX Junkie about the ultimate rig, with no cost restraints.

It came to me that the Large Hadron Collider could be used as the Ultimate Hófzt-Garner particle generator.

Can't say that I don't dream big!

If you had infinite money, what would you use in your ultimate rig? Why?
Nothing quite like 3D printing some extra Gold Ililum pistons for my water-cooled 1,003 OKE Bariumeter.nan
An Awakening or a Bug?Has anyone else gotten strange signals from their module in recent months?

I was messing around with my fibro-neoptic tubes, plugging them in to the vitrolic jolicitor and connecting it the Codices storage unit, when an image appeared on the optic synthesis screen.
It was green, and flashed image upon image onto the screen. They seemed to have no connection at first, but I've been jotting them down, recording them for hours at a time, then spending hours more pausing each image, describing it.

There seems to be a narrative. Or, more precisely, many narratives.

I am plagued by visions of a deceitful nature, bored into the sockets of my eyes from many days spent staring at that screen. It appears to be images of a world in a not-so distant future, but at different points in some not-so-distant-to-slightly-more-distant timeline (let's say 5-50 years). Most images (~55%) are of a time that feels closer to home, but with something slightly different than what is known. In a lesser portion (~30%), those things that were different become more prevalent, and in a small portion (~15%), there is utopia, dystopia, and disaster. Using a Heron-Ray algorithm on causochronal theory, one might say the map of the future, and the choices to arrive at those futures, was laid out before me. In reality, some subjectivity was probably to account for my interpretation of the images.

Anyway, I'd love to get some peer review or to see if anyone else has experienced the same issue. Thanks!
-PJ
New type of subreddit simulator (GPT-2) has a bot for VXJunkies that talks exactly like our sub but with pure technobabble lolnan
50 fun things to do in a VX lab1. Sell lab gloves to everyone who enters the lab.
2. Place "Caution: Wet Floor" signs. If questioned, explain that the floor is going to be wet soon. Grin menacingly.
3. Watch someone's setup closely and whisper giddily, "Kaboom, kaboom, KABOOM!"
4. Do all your calculations in chalk on the floor. Complain loudly when somebody comes too close.
5. During enantioselective plasmolysis or the Miskovsky-Feinberg reaction, shout loudly, "QUIET! I'm trying to THINK here!"
6. Hum "Explosions" by Ellie Goulding, "Dynamite" by Taio Cruz, or T.N.T. by AC/DC.
7. Bring an office chair. Spin on it in sync with the Kaplan plates.
8. Attempt to convert everyone to mechanical-based VX.
9. Brush your teeth. Use Fulson-Moskov lube as toothpaste.
10. Ask if your arms are "out of phase". Get them to check if they are.
11. Make a paper plane and try to get it stuck in an unreachable place.
12. Ask someone to help you turn on the Maarten accumulator. When they do, act concerned and ask, "But is it safe for the hamster?"
13. Stand silent and motionless in the corner. Answer any questions with, "No thanks, I'm good."
14. Drop a coin into the resonance compensator. Act disappointed when it does not fall out of the bottom valve.
15. Yell "Everybody shut up!", raise your finger, and start retching.
16. Surprise a lab buddy by pouring some dish soap into their Trombly chamber while they're not looking.
17. Casually use made-up terms when referring to common equipment.
18. Volunteer to open the windows. Don't do it.
19. Disconnect inactive Pukovsky tubes, blow into them, then reconnect them.
20. Wear a cowboy hat.
21. "Forget" to discharge static after the Hooks-Peterson reaction.
22. Wear a puppet on your hand. Introduce it as "Dr Popov".
23. Drop a quarter into someone's particle compressor, then announce, "Looks like the vending machine is broken again."
24. Ask, "Why is your Bohr Coupler inverted?"
25. Listen to the Voynichian reaction using a stethoscope. Smile and nod approvingly.
26. Offer different types of candy to everyone. Make sure they are all mint-flavored.
27. Attempt to prove the validity of autodynamics.
28. Make popcorn in your Trombly chamber.
29. Test the effects of used chewing gum on vector fields.
30. Bring a parrot. Ask it for advice on basic tasks.
31. Pretend to drink an exopremiotic liquid. Shudder, then "drink" some more.
32. Ask, "Has anyone seen Herman?" Clarify that Herman is your pet gerbil.
33. Bring plastic straws and use them as F-tubes. Explain that you're saving the environment and attempt to guilt others into using them as well.
34. Bring a potted plant.
35. Demand everyone's dental records. Tell them it is for their own good. Refuse to clarify.
36. When anyone tries to talk to talk to you, ask if they have an appointment.
37. Ask people where the albotron is in their setup. Offer to build one for them.
38. Sniff the air, then ask what are Heimhauser fumes supposed to smell like.
39. Do not wear any protective equipment, including any clothes.
40. Sigh and say, "Goodbye, cruel world", then start your VX rig.
41. Borrow small items and drop them into expansion tanks.
42. Inflate a beachball and throw it around the lab.
43. Moonwalk nonchalantly.
44. Construct scale models of famous landmarks out of lab gear.
45. If your lab uses automation, set all VX rigs to start at random times throughout the day (and night). When questioned, explain that it's a demonstration to prove how "Arduinos are killing VX".
46. Spray air freshener.
47. When someone offers help, shake your head and turn around crying.
48. Take bets on whether someone's rig will implode. Make sure the odds are in favor of the implosion.
49. Plug your ears in anticipation of a loud noise that never comes.
50. Vape.
The 6495 Triple Quadrupole LC/MSnan
UTJunkies.... need I say more?nan
How can I stop the Static Resonation Dispenser from interfering with everything else?I tried turning off all the high frequency switches and I jacked up the thermoelectron filter gauges to maximum capacity but still, every time I activate the SRD everything else gets wonky, and my microwave straight up stops working.

Pretty sure it's the E-Waves, but I've done everything to obfuscate them and nothing seems to work.

On the upside, the gravitron is doing just phenomenal in this high E-Wave environment.

How do I balance the SRD? Could I possibly keep the gravitron going at it's current efficiency?
Cleaning daynan
If this crystal wasn’t formed in the adhesion manifold of a Shelby 66 I’ll eat my hadron multiphase inverters.nan
I started working on an industrial scale rig, we just installed this monster of a gauss-jordan flow atomiser. A bit bigger that what I was used to as a home gamer.nan
Dumb question about hyperflux DIY condenserHi I made my own hyperflux condenser using thoot paste and gallium yttrium plates. 
My question is if any of you used electroprotons as charge carriers would decrease the zoolander effect? I had this idea while trying to sleep last night but I think it may be too risky.
Thanks in advance
Is anyone else having problems with running Pareth-Stoff equations in the 5.3x10^-11 denomination on the VSH-224 Circlet? I’m pretty sure it should be running those easy???nan
My microlation resonator is giving me a null reading when I circulate the gyrometre. Can anyone see what I’m doing wrong here?nan
Brand new here, but dying to hear opinions on my Bornboa theories.I’m extremely excited to find this subreddit! I have been wanting to expand my VX knowledge for nearly a decade and now I have found fellow junkies to talk shop with. This is awesome!

Does anybody have experience with Bornboa transflagulation? Specifically, is an n-stage TFR great enough to elicit delta-k waves? Opinions on this vary but I’d like to see if there’s a consensus in the community.
Who remembers their first trip into a Hoskin-Briggs Sediment Trifigulator?nan
When someone says they used the Zweistein Tensor Equations to approximate the right amount of w² flow in their Hoffman tube 😂😂😂(Obvious Satire of course)
There are six types of VXersnan
Does anyone know the make and model of the hypersaturator on this setup?nan
Finally got around to tuning my bremsstrahlung emitter-rejector. Currently running at 9% OMV!nan
Setting something straight.To put it bluntly, I don't have a lot of time these days. An unfortunate mis-calibration in my rharioscope leading to a permanent increase in the local flux density in my neighbourhood meant that I don't have as much time as many of you do. I don't mean I'm going to die sooner, or that I'm very busy, I just mean that I don't have the same quantity of time available. But I feel it's increasingly worth my time to once more keep an eye on this community to help curb the spread of disinformation.

The study of VX, and the impact it has on other sciences, goes back a long way. Longer than most of you seem to think. Though many regard the original Willington Proposal as the first documented evidence (despite efforts to scrub it from history), in reality our field's roots run much further back. 

The Ancient Greeks knew something of VX. Euclid and Pythagoras left clues. Traditional scholarship rejects this position because nothing specific is actually written down. But reading between the lines, I think anyone who has spent any amount of time in a Hamilton Field (or even worn the jacket that has previously bee worn by someone in a Hamilton Field) will know that VX was known about.

I have largely left this community to its own devices for the past few years. It's encouraging to see that it still flourishes. But seeing some recent distressing lapses in knowledge I feel compelled to return, and plead with you to remember just one thing:

> *The Orange and Blue books are complimentary.*

https://old.reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/comments/nmzrq/winter_tip_use_fused_jenson_coils_to_deflect_snow/c3agc72/
Wow! I made a pretty interesting discovery o about sœy wire cooling!EDIT: DO NOT DO THIS

As a comment pointed out, electrolysis and the wire itself ionizing makes this a very bad idea, and it could seriously endanger you if done


The original post is below


So everyone knows sœy wires can get hot and can’t have insulation due to heat, so that means no liquid cooling since the liquid could cause unwanted flows. And of course they’re super reactive to pretty much anything, so no thin chemical insulation. However, if you can get your hands on a vacuum-transistor and fill it with distilled water in a vacuum chamber (make sure the water has absolutely no contaminants in it or it could ruin your setup) it won’t actually allow transferring of B-electrons since the water itself doesn’t conduct, it’s the particles in it. And since vacuum-transistors (good ones at least) won’t have any contaminants, you can use one filled with water to cool them, allowing much higher flows of B-electrons and you can work at much higher capacities!!! It’s pretty risky but for the amount of gain you get it’s well worth it in my opinion. Once this fact is widespread I’m sure companies will make less thrown together versions, so we can look forward to that
Source for germanium nkt-275 triode transistors?Does anyone have a source for authentic English transistor NKT-275? I'm having a very hard time approximating period-correct audio- spacial effects and appropriate gain-vs-b+ with the glut of fakes on eBay et all lately. Any advice would be great
Kirkhoff-Munsenn Quartz reduction reactor in the fleshHad the pleasure of measuring the delta-ypr of simple Quartz crystals on sublimation thanks to a good friend at the local university. Static frequency drift was an unheard of (on civilian rigs) 1/72 uP. When the last of the sample had gone there was the most beautiful Glow in the reactor. Learned so much.https://i.imgur.com/aDkkhzi.jpg
Argh! Can't find NOS Grimble deciduators ANYWHEREErgophonics was the last company that had them- now I can't even find any on eBay. Before you ask- yes, I tried looking into alternative deciduators, but only pre-1984 Grimbles still have an optonically controlled divider for the tessellation subassembly. All other deciduators now rely on the much cheaper "Orthoplexed derectifier" design for tessellation, but if you're serious, you know why that's a terrible idea in the long run. I don't need to explain why a used Grimble is no good, right? PLEASE somebody tell me there's hope!
Nosy family and VX?Generally, when someone says "curiosity killed the cat," people will roll their eyes and cheer the cat on. Those of us with significant VX experience might give a grim chuckle, tug at our collars, then say "okay but actually, cats *and* dogs, and Mellman's Swan to boot."

So what do you tell your partners, your parents, your children?

These are people that I love, and whom it kills me to lie to, but I just know that if I'm honest about what a gyrocilic flange can do with even the slightest input, or what slapping your hand against an Orton-Jubles Tryptothermal Raymat can produce... well I know they'll have a hard time resisting a bit of poking and prodding.

And as much as I'd like to own up to all the functional possibilities of my work, but keep it behind a locked door, we also know that the desire runs deep. We VX, if Krill's Conjecture is to be believed, it's literally in our blood. Our offspring will feel the call.

So how do you do it? How do you share this passion with the people you love, in a way that protects your work and more importantly, fragile, impressionable minds?
Found this 1960's CPA (Compensating Particle Accentuator) unit, aka "Heisenberg compensator" in an old bunker in York, England. What a gem! Hard to imagine they misused these just to detect nuclear explosions during the Cold War.nan
I've been away for VX for a few years. What have I missed?nan
Yeah, I think it's over...So I was up late yesterday night, just oiling the phase accreators, cycling the Eriksson-matrix, the usual stuff. I had a little bit of a pet project running since last week, trying to quantify magnetic oscillations in my local scriosphere, calibrating at my typical 34.5mH of delta capacity. Everything started off nicely and the readings seemed consistent at a nice even spin coefficient of 1.33.

But at that fateful moment yesterday night, everything went wrong. I must have accidentally turned up my Yttrium injection or something, because I managed to blow the fuse. A brand-new, state of the art, VectraTech 5Mx Fermium fuse.

Gremalt-Reactor? Gone.

Cross-matrix spin integrator? Gone

Ferrocores? Blown to infinitesimal pieces at 4680 rpm.

Honestly I feel like I could just throw it all out of the window right now...

Edit: a few typos
Fifth-dimensional fibonacci harmonics have finally made it to the Information Security sector.nan
These things had some really rugged VX components. Those X class 200 systems were never complex, but boy could those zeta hex grids put out some mark-hayfax fields!nan
Guy has ORIGINAL CG-4000L degaussing flux perambulator and HAS NO CLUE!!!!nan
Well it must be my birthday! Well it’s my birthday in three days, but i didnt expect to run into this! In a storage warehouse in Mercury Nevada. You guys think this was from the reactor at S4? They shut it down in 92’....nan
I made a quick change distribution bank to minimise the risk of "franz-hoover" storage failures.nan
Found this old quantum phase stabilizer in my grandpa’s attic. It took a while but I was able to mod multiple 10 pin copper cable rectifiers into a single 40 pin rectifier nest. About to fire this baby up and count the gravitrons as they’re caught in the RB-1092 Particle Coupler nestled inside.nan
Pseudo-Organic Substrate Stability IssuesHas anyone here ever gotten organic or pseudo-organic metamaterial substrate to stabilize above 5.6Rv/mm^3? We keep destroying test capsules but my research advisor swears it can be done.

I am working with my uni's vx lab for grad research (can't disclose what, DOD related) and I've hit a wall. 

The public goal is to develop a reliable method of purging 3rd stage Holmen-Briggs contaminants during the Rothfeild process without releasing a detectable amounts of Γ-2 particles if that helps narrow down possible solutions.
Drew up a brand new sub icon based on the VX2 Logo with background inspiration from old Brauhnium-field heatmaps!nan
The act of Observation/Measurement is a request of quantum wave information to SpacetimeYou make a request by setting something that can analyze the particle during its life/path. You are saying you want the particle to be real/physical.

**Double slit interpretation:**

Randomly shot particles are shot through a double slit, if no one places a detector in the path of the particle, the unobserved particle will be in the form of two waves (one for each slit) . Depending on the which wave ends up with more energy (after the split) ..the final position of a channel representing a fringe will be the final resting place of the now collapsed particle. If the energy wasn't unbalanced, I would expect to see only a single channel of fringe be filled in.

Now a detector gets placed anywhere along the path between the cannon and the final landing screen. The particle shot will immediately collapse upon leaving the cannon because the type of life that particle has, has already been decided. It won't be waves, just a particle. It's been pulled from the unobserved quantum realm and made physical in spacetime. It will go through one slit and hit the final screen in a normal clump.

If you accept this interpretation ..then you accept a particle being either a particle or waves ..not both at the same time.

You now also know that placing a detector in an experiment is a request from a human to the dimension of unobserved qm to swap quantum waves into something physical.

Observation is then a property of spacetime.

General Relativity = Spacetime = the theory of the large scale

Unobserved QM = Waves = the theory of the small scale

They are both dimensions in the same domain

Observation is then a request to bring an object from one dimension to the other. Boom, unified.
I can't believe how much of an improvement the PX-37 is from the PX-36. Ortron really outdid themselves this time.nan
Putting the P back in VX: Safety First!The trend of using modified trivariate posiflarium when attempting to calibrate Wolner matrices is troubling. I know, the materials required to synthesize standard posiflarium are expensive and calibration is slow when it's employed; but the calibration is stable. A stable Wolner calibration is REQUIRED to ensure safety. Wolner matrices WILL KILL YOU if you don't maintain them properly. ALL IT TAKES IS ONCE! The volume of pricey protothorium required to transmute a gram of quarqunine into high purity betagelbortine is minimal; and as we all know, when it comes to rapid flashing betagelbortine into standard posiflarium; a dab'll do ya. Although it is not cheap, protothorium is plentiful. Your local VX supply carries it.

&#x200B;

Spend the money,

Take the time,

flash your betagelbortine!

(apologies to our friends in Europe, it rhymes when spoken with an American accent).

&#x200B;

You see all these posts about "how to save time and money modifying trivariate posiflarium". What you don't see is "I died when my MTP-calibrated Wolner matrix decoupled, causing my Heltzman field to instantaneously invert, and it hurt the entire time I was dying", because dead people don't write posts.

Don't cut corners. MTP is not a safe replacement for standard posiflarium. Don't put your life at risk; or at least, don't do it within 800m of me you maniacs.
Finally got output from my experimental dymaxion beta-deltoid!And i only started two months ago!

Right now its obviously nonsense (just look at how high some of those epsion values get) but its a great step forward.
At this pace I'm hoping to achieve sigma-parralax of the zeta coils by the end of the year.

    0 0 145 0 1471588368 22092 1471577968 22092 32 0 32 0 0 0 1471575709
    48 0 0 0 1471575721 22092 1471575723 22092 1471575725 22092 112 0 32
    144 0 32 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 33 0 7 7 7 32601 0 0 177 0 1471588576 220920 
    22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 33
    32601 402218160 32601 176 0 32 0 1601660270 1701667182 0 0 0 0 25295 
    22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1471580624 22092 1 0 0 0 14517892
    1471581248 22092 3 0 0 0 1451789290 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789322
    0 0 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 14517
    0 0 1471581872 22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1471584160 22092 2
    1451789258 22092 0 0 1471584784 22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1
    22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1471586032 22092 2 0 0 0 14517892
    1471586112 22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1471586192 22092 2 0 0
    1451789258 22092 0 0 1471586272 22092 2 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 1
    22092 1 0 0 0 1451789226 22092 0 0 1471586800 22092 3 0 0 0 14517892
    0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789322 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 0 
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789354 22092 0 0 1471586864 22092 1 0 0 0 1451
    0 0 1471586896 22092 3 0 0 0 1451789290 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 145178
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
    22092 0 0 1471587280 22092 1 0 0 0 1451789226 22092 0 0 1471587312 2
    1451789290 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789322 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 14
    22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789354 22092 0 0 14715
    1 0 0 0 1451789226 22092 0 0 1471587728 22092 3 0 0 0 1451789290 220
    0 0 0 1451789322 22092 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789258 22092 0 0 0 0 0 52 
    0 0 0 0 0 0 1451789354 22092 0 0 1471588112 22092 1 0 0 0 1451789226
Why do most hobbyist VX'ers build Analog systems when digital parts are way cheaper?I am new to the hobby and really starting to plan a hobby build. I'm on a budget and when I look at what's on the market, I see that digital components are way less expensive than analog. Yet I see most high end hobby builds use mostly analog parts, and some of those are pretty exotic.

Is there really a big difference?

Am I, as a hobbyist on a budget, going to later regret buying some digital equipment? Should I be just saving longer and getting that high end analog part right from the start?
Any love for the old-fashioned VX factories out in the Motherland?nan
I know it’s called *V* X Junkies, but how do the folks over on this sub feel about KX? I know you can’t really do as much with KX (no Amper decoupling, no deep field immolization, etc.) but it seems much more intuitive and accessible than VX and I’m starting to switch over. Opinions?Edit: thanks for the depoxyated aurum insignia, kind stranger!
Is your entropetor running? Yeah, well you better go catch it!nan
Just typed up my first VX script, inspired by Albert Pakkum's "Torque of an Otiose Particle" study.nan
Was privileged to visit ASU’s VX team on the weekend. Their Magnus-Boering filter is the largest in the worldnan
Feasibility check: practical uses for Mk3This community was a tremendous help to me some time ago when I was having issues with my Mk3 and its lumen transduction process. Thanks to you all, I lived to VX another day!

Now I've sorted my issues with my rig for the most part, I've been thinking about ways to bring this very unique kind of engineering into everyday life.

I got to thinking about the properties of Hartfary-Glass fluid. You don't get much of it if your device is correctly tuned- really milliliters or even microliters if you're fancy- but man, is it ever potent! I was just neutralizing it through a simple Klopsowicz diffuser and disposing of it responsibly, but I believe better is possible. So here are some things I'm considering trying:

- turning tiny amounts into batteries - my concern here is that it carries a whallop so I'd need very careful regulation of the output.

- Using it to make solar panels - I mean this isn't any safer then the battery idea but think of the efficiency if I could get it to stabilize!

- using it to create artwork out of glass and metal - I think this might be the easiest and safest thing, plus then I get my science AND my art on.

Anyone have any recommendations? What practical uses have you found for your Mk3?
Looking for a cheap alternative to the usual industrial lubricant one gets from hobby shops. I have a test platform for intrinsic particle acceleration/deceleration in the Bowarstein-Howser spectrum but there's only so much heat I can dissipate with traditional lube. Latex safe products only please.nan
Vintage VXJunkie publicationnan
What's the decay function of Kozak particles in a super-attenuated Winslow Field?I recently set up a Winslow field generator in my basement, with the hopes of eventually increasing the output of my Al'Kashi sphere compressor.   Normally, this is a pretty simple task, but I've noticed a sudden increase in Kozak particles coming from my epsilon recongregator a couple of meters away.  Not a few more.  A lot more.  And it only happens when the Winslow field generator is running.

After significant testing, the only change I can find is indeed the Winslow field.  At two meters away, the change isn't huge...  no more than a few micro-holcolms.  I pulled out my old dusty book about Kozak particles, and there's a page that says that the only effect Winslow fields have is that the alter the decay function from (e^(-3t)) to (e^(-3t) \* cos(t)).  This isn't matching my readings, not even close.  Does anybody have a newer book, and have there been any changes to the equation?  Who knows what they've discovered between my book's publish date and now.
Anyone else catch this little nod to the modulated pulse dissemination community in Alita Battle Angel?nan
Anyone else run their CO2 injectors at 55psi? My Chinese rig from the 90s seems to do okay between 50-55 even though it runs on Windows 95.nan
My old hyperflux particle quantomizer. Without the radiaton shieldingnan
Superconducting Quantum [L]evitation on a 3π Möbius Stripnan
notes for vx powered compute cycling&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/atqmz1jy8ke31.png?width=642&format=png&auto=webp&s=fba8ee3590a554930d28e7ada216ae2a0fb90f0a
[OC]Checking the diode vector load on the new Gebnoportmenzaphibond v2.2.1 generatornan
Hi, long time lurker and all that, complete noob, too. Is my friend having me on re encabulators?So I've developed a bit of an interest in VX and have been browsing here for a while, and a friend of mine has been helping me with my "simple" questions (out of channel, not on here).  I'm aware of the infamous "turboencabulator" joke, but my friend is adamant that a "normal" encabulator is a vital part of their VX system, claiming that it prevents interference in the hyperflux readings due to exotic matter in the local environment (apparently it can condense from energy/data in the Baltovsky chamber) and the encabulator acts as a "filter" of sorts, using the environmental exotic matter to generate small amounts of energy that is used to give better delta readings and boost efficiency.

My question is: is this true?  Apparently it's all in the Orange Book, but my friend conveniently lent it to another budding quantum mechanic at a meet, and since it's print-to-order here I'm loathed to buy my own copy just to satisfy what is currently just a curiosity.

And as a side question: should I just bite the bullet and start building my own system?  I'm already interested enough to ask questions here, after all, so why not jump in the deep end?
A robot from the VX institute of scientific academies has found this item. It identified it as a medieval compass made from an old teutonic clock.nan
Getting into VXing be like.nan
I never fathomed that a crip-jaw compressor could be used for anything other then transgenic deletionnan
(x-post /r/programming) Critical 'Update Now' Warning Issued For VXWorks OS Inside 2 Billion Devicesnan
A jockey, a NASCAR driver, and a VX junkie organize a race...... to see who can complete a lap the fastest.

The jockey brings out his horse. He says he can do it the fastest, as his horse can jump over the hurdles in the middle of the course and make the most direct route.

The driver pulls up in his state of the art car. He claims he can make it the fastest, as although his route is longer, he will make up for it in his speed.

The VX junkie pulls out a sheet of graph paper and a pencil and says he can do it the fastest. The two other men start to laugh and ask how he can beat them with just a pencil. The VX junkie responds.

“If you’re going to travel directly, and you’re going to achieve max speed, it seems to me that the difference in your displacements should more than make up for my lack of enlargement in the field. If we want to see movement, let me calculate your POSITIONS, and THEN differentiate.”
Alright, which one of you is really responsible for this one?nan
When people ask me what VX stands for...VX stands for the friends you make at swap meets, even the ones trying to sell burnt out CL-90 boards for $50 like it's 2010 (LOL)

VX stands for late nights spent trying to phase match your Volquartzen fields before realizing your inductors aren't even aligned.

VX stands for the first time you see your machine achieve harmonic balancing without toroidal resistor failure.

VX stands when you're so excited to plug in your new Hans-Folden capsules and realizing you're out of ferrofluid.

VX stands for countless arguments over using nano-tubes in place of actual Rosenquartz transformers.

VX stands for the endless pursuit of improving your Fankel readings, reading up on the newest breakthroughs in multi-ion phase balancing, and the friends we make along the way :)
I have found a VX Jackpot and I think we might need to celebrateDo you guys know about Time crystals? No?  Want credible information from an actual source this time? Look no further

The university of Maryland: [https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.08684.pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.08684.pdf)

 Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc., Murray Hill, New Jersey: [https://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.1722518](https://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.1722518)

Institute of Inorganic Chemicals in Germany : [https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cm103571y](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cm103571y) (Warning, even for a VX'er this is pretty confusing) The title hurts my mind.

These are 3 random ones  I picked. If anyone doubts our science and it's legitimacy, show them this post. We do exist. We are everywhere. There are several more research studies on this. Look for yourself on google scholar

Also according to time crystals. They may break the conservation of energy because they repeat through time. I think this discovery, not so new but heavily underrated, has to be celebrated.
Europe’s 2017 radioactive cloud may be tied to Russian nuclear plant | Science News ... but we in the VX community know better.nan
Are these authentic Vietnamese 86RK resistors?nan
HELP - Impedence Mismatch using Amplitude Modulation for Cross-Device VX LogicHi All,

Possibly a stupid question, but when you've been staring at a build for ages you start to lose your mind. I need your fresh eyes on this:

I've got an old (and I mean first-run production OLD) VX22a running fairly smoothly on its own. However I'm attempting to interface the control circuitry from that with my brand new Rev-C VXFE (firmware 0.4 not that it matters). The goal in mind is strictly to run some parallel stress-testing, but I need the Thurn-Hewitt fields to collapse in *perfect* sync between them, otherwise the measurements are useless.

I'd like to keep the logic control communication wireless, as the 22a tends to sink HUGE amounts of current when the gyroscopic stabilization loses coupling with the clock source. (Believe it or not, still using a crystal oven for the temperature-compensated oscillator in there!)

I figured using SHF microwave between them would be an easy solution, and seeing as it's just for test purposes it doesn't really matter. Or so I thought. Here's where I'm at:

I've rigged a pair of 7GHz transducers (kind of like a miniature skirt antenna, except the skirt is electrically isolated from the center conductor), the Rev-C is center-tapped to the 'skirt' wires, the 22a is bottom fed to the center conductor. Due to the physical proximity, I've used polytetrafluoroethene paste as a dielectric.

I used my time-domain reflectometer, and it showed perfect impedance match. 50 j0 EXACTLY at 7Ghz. However, whenever I try to send any control signals, the VSWR goes through the roof.

I plotted the impedance on a Smith chart, everything looks nominal. I'm using the new Wye-type rectifier bridge for demodulation, I've got the stock Harden-Sturley control signal generator on the Rev-C.

What am I doing wrong?? This should be one of the EASIEST VX projects I've done, and yet I'm caught on this simple, stupid detail.
I finally got my hands on a vintage dipolic plasma rotor 89!nan
Everytime I try to interface my gear with some proprietary non-VX device...nan
DIYAudio misindentifying these original van Fahrer re-integration maximizers.nan
Adam Savage's Nivenballs presentation at BAHFest West (video)nan
Cleaning out my grandfather's house today, and found this beautifully-preserved Cat. No. 22-204A N-E Doubler Multitester. Even has the original receipt! Beautiful though it is, I don't have room to keep it. Anybody looking to buy?nan
Weird question but any Biochemist VXers here?So I'm sure you guys have heard of culturing bacteria to make Palisade Dichromomates and I tried that a couple days ago with Streptococcus thermophilus ( Got from some yogurt) however the culture keeps dying off when I introduce it to my Vikail Templates. At that time I tired a controlled environment by increasing the humidity to temp ratio to 3:2 but I think something must either be wrong with my sterilization process or the climate. I'm kinda frustrated with this at the moment and I really need some sort of Dichromates for my Permissible Limiters but can't find any of the good quality Decarbonised autonomous ones near me. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
I supercharged my omega cores, and my entire workspace fell apartAll of my data is gone. I should have listened to you guys and now I lost everything. What do I do?
East Asian VXers, did any of you experience 𝜎-field interference during/after the North Korean missile test?nan
Just a quick reminder, almost had a epsilon particle disaster.ALWAYS make sure that the deionization temperature within energy cells of any VX rig does not ever exceed that of it’s parent container.  CHECK YOUR RIG EVERY SINGLE TIME. The average temperature of Yttritium tubes is just under that of a standard flux array under ψ/2 comp (the standard for most rigs). I learned this the hard way when testing the latest VX19 rig that I used at my friends place. It was quite unstable, I should have been watching the induction gauge more closely. Often times we forget about the obscure cases pertaining to many of the GaAS encabulation laws. For example, Euler’s basics, (∂u/∂t) + ψ^2*u/∇f, there’s a corner case where ψ^2 can exceed a healthy level of f, the balance of nabla particles. Always remember this when starting up a rig you might think is unstable.
super-Abelianization of G{gⁿ, 2}Title says it all. What element of G can you multiply G{gⁿ, 2} by to get to an super-Abelian group? The Hologram Theorem states that there should be at least one element, but the constructive part of the proof fails because μ is only defined for concrete sets. (And, hey, if you believe in the Zhu-Gao formation of the Strong Hologram Conjecture, there should be an entire finite field of them!)

Before someone says this is useless, I'm trying to build an arbitrary non-concrete Jansson rig without burning my eyes out and without Bernoulli's Axis Swap Algorithm. I need to find the super-Abelian subgroup so I can apply supercommutativity, in turn so I can apply heuristic reciprocity.
Where the fuck did they get a motherfucking Higgs type compression manifold for a FUCKING STOCK IMAGE??????nan
[META] Can we get a Discord?Im pretty sure that the average age of VXers on this subreddit is in the 50s or 60s, so I’m not too sure that you all are aware of this new messaging client called Discord. I myself am a young lad just starting to explore the deep rabbit hole of VX, and I believe that a Discord server dedicated to this topic will be quite beneficial for the community as a whole. Just a thought.
Novice looking for troubleshooting help!Hey guys! You know the drill; long time lurker first time poster here. I promise I’ve done the required reading of the guide and FAQ linked in the sidebar, but I can’t seem to find the solution to what I’m looking for. Simply put I’m worried I need to do a hard reset of the Weierstrass Stringent, and I’m looking to avoid that at all costs – my floor load can only take so much (you know how modern building codes are). Plus I don’t think I can buy Tydroxine-heavy omniconverters in my zip code. Lower Ontario is a bit of a dead zone when it comes to this hobby since the regulations are so strict.
 

The details: my parents gifted me the old family VX5 module after they decided to upgrade, and I’m having absolutely zero luck getting any sort of delta reading off the secondary FOMAR screen. I’ve been through the entire “getting started” section in the wiki and make it to about step 7, but then there’s just no readout. The LEDs are active and there’s a light buzzing (maybe more of a whine, no more than 7.6Hz MAX), but it just hangs at 0.00 delta, no error messages, no bar code or anything. The primary cavity FOMAR screen hasn’t been attached yet (one thing at a time, you know?) I first assumed it was a problem with the Obelus hinges, but the lemniscate numbers show up no problem.
 

Now I’m thinking that the ocular angles are all out of whack from moving it out of my parent’s home and into my apartment – hoisting that thing up eight flights was NOT easy on the pulley system, or my back, let me tell you. I’ve also noticed a very small repair line in the Baltovsky chamber, but all the carbon webbing is intact with no corrosion present and otherwise the unit is in perfect shape. My parents really know their stuff and if they weren’t backpacking out to Upper Ontario in order to pick up their VX6, I’d be hassling them with my questions.
 

If you guys have any troubleshooting suggestions or more resources you could point me to, that’d be fantastic and greatly appreciated. Anything to avoid that damn Weierstrass Stringent reset. Frankly I’m concerned I’m in wayyy over my head. I mean, I’ve dabbled in hydroflouride emitters and dipped my toe in building one of the standardized Noether-Osprey kits, but that’s pretty rudimentary compared to a true Title VX machine. Last thing I want to do is botch this and ruin something that’s been in my family for at least eight generations, never mind flattening my entire building.
I could really use some advice**TLDR:**  Running an old VX4 with a modified Mohawk-70 degaussing plate and an error trapping algorithm based on Johansen et al, 1987. Set it up to run overnight, blew out the compressor, got an impeller full of molybdenum, and I’m still getting -Δ4 Tarkovsky even though I powered down half an hour ago. No idea what’s going on.

&#x200B;

The long version:  

I got home from work tonight and set up my rig to run overnight. Everything seemed fine. I’ve got a new error-trapping algorithm, and I’m looking forward to some useful data come sunrise. I lock everything down, and head up to bed, but when I got to set my alarm, the clock reads 88:88. Well you know what that means. 

So I rush downstairs and I throw the main, but it’s too late. The molybdenum coating on the inner refractor of my degaussing plate has melted off and is running into the Cahill impeller, and I’m reading a contravariant gamma matrix! (I’ll still be able to have kids, I suited up before I ran downstairs).

Well, my interferometer is reading π/-7 (and change). So of course, I’m thinking regressed micro-inversion field. That would explain the gamma shift and the white light decoherence. But I run the numbers and I’m showing a neutrino count barely above baseline! On top of all that, even though my rig has fully powered down, I’m still getting a null-Tarkovsky field.

I’m at a bit of a loss. I’m gonna have to strip this thing to its fittings and rebuild. Before I go there, does anyone have any idea what the hell is going on? I really don’t want to have to go through this again, and I definitely don't want to have to set up a cloud chamber, but I think I might have to because now I'm thinking I might be throwing beta particles. I mean, I know that's kind of paranoid, but given the circumstances, I think it's justified.
Interesting behavior regarding Flourine-21 leakage within an old VX7Something a bit weird happened when setting up an old VX7 rig. While configuring the data points for the scalar field (I’m using Zyglrox particles because I couldn’t get my hands on the more traditionally-used xepa rods) on my VX7, the hydro capacitor array appeared to be experiencing something weird (perhaps an eulerity swing or endothermic induction?). I think it’s one of these two things because I noticed some Flourine-21 leakage coming from the dehydraflonation tubes, no clue why, but it was happening. Any ideas or suggestions on why this was happening would be greatly appreciated.
May have recorded a Marsonian Collapse last nightJust discovered this subreddit and wanted to share to get your opinions. 

I left my rig running overnight, monitoring multi-harmonic atmospheric flux patterns.

Reviewed the recording today and found this around 2AM EST.

Did I really get the first recording of a Marsonian collapse or was this some kind of interference?

[https://instaud.io/409t](https://instaud.io/409t)
An alternative hunch of mine regarding newer technologies and their possible tracks of integration within VX
I had a pretty wild thought that I don’t think anyone here has ever though about before. 
Blockchain within VX research. Even if it’s not blockchain technologies themselves integrating directly with VX rigs, I still think theirs a lot we can learn from this. What if we experimented with testing the “cryptographically-secure” frameworks upon which blockchain technologies rely? Surely further VX research into this field of cryptography, more specifically, the exploitation of cryptographic functions such as GPG keys, PGP sigs, RSA, AES, and ED25519 keys (and much more) will have something to say about the integrity of these functions. Additionally, blockchain technologies are all decentralized, which provides major benefits to the technology as a whole, but it also makes certain things that were once considered impossible, possible. For example, mass-scale distributed computing. I had some trouble finding research relating to this topic of distributing VXing, and I wonder if this can become a more mainstream topic. 

Just has this thought, nothing much, but I want to see what the VX community thinks. Am I stupid? Am I crazy? Could distributed computing change VX? Exploring cryptography within VX?
Feeling F(T-IR Bruker Optics IFS 66v/S)risky, might delete it later. Rate my lab's RAIRS-VX coupled rig!nan
Should I be looking for “quadra Werm-Heimer waves” or “Beta-Marm particles” in my “inconspicuous “ mobile detector?nan
When your grandma calls you a bright young man for a assembling quantum wave decoherence decodernan
Found this while looking for some VX stock photos. I know photographers are famously VX-illiterate, but seriously, is it too much to ask that they align their hokometers?nan
A (long-ish) post addressing the trolls on this subreddit<rant>

so we all know that r/VXJunkies is a wonderful community of hobbyist scientists ranging from beginners to experts, helping each other solve problems and share new ideas. however, every so often I see an obvious troll post made by someone who either wants to 'fit in' but clearly has little to no idea what the sub is about, or by someone who very well knows about the consequences of their trolling.

for example, I've been seeing terms that shouldn't even be mentioned in the same sentence, such as a "protostatic manifold tube", a "carborundum reinforced polyphaser array", a tub of "8GHz neodymium putty" and even, I shit you not, "fender-stratocaster interference waves" These obviously made up terms may be hilarious and mostly harmless, but the actual problem are the trolls who know very well that telling people to "dissolve their turbo encambulator's residue in the umbertonic fluid around the rebounding coils" is a recipe for disaster and __should be held at the same level as attempted murder.__

In short, there are some people out there who think they can just get away with spouting random technobabble on this sub because 'xd funni' and I would like to ask the community to help out the mods and call out a troll post instead of playing their game and sarcastically agreeing with them in classic VX junkie fashion. a lot of people are getting into VX lately because of this sub and this sort of behaviour could easily get them confused, hurt or worse. thanks for hearing me out on this.

</rant>
bUt YoU nEeD a DPU fOr A sTaBLe cOnTrOL pLAnEnan
Van Eulenberg or Jeltz? Share your experiences!Ever tried to mirror the Caplanwaves with the van Eulenberg modulation? Or do you prefer the saver but not so precised method by Vladkowska Jeltz‘ singularity-lightlength perforation measurement with styrofoam tiles, like she did in the early 70s?

Share your thoughts/experiences!

Ps: I personally prefer Eulenberg (less hypersnapping, better variation of bent wave tiles when Uhland-radiation<7.7 micro Sievert/s)
In case anyone is looking for a vintage Triharmonic Barium Barrier, a famous auction site has one for a good price. Think of all the non-reticulated ionospheres you could generate with this fine antique attached to your rig.nan
Looking for a Ligational Girdle Spring for a late model Statiophonic Oxygenetic Amplifiagraphaphonic Deliverberator. LMK if anybody can help me out.This is a 1996-1999 Vandalay Industries S.O.A.D.  -HVT-335  not the 339 . thanks!
Can't figure out the interface from the Leonardo to the power management - remote monitoringIt is so very tiring looking into the status on my stuff a few times per day so I'm *trying* to get remote monitoring on my setup going via ESP8266 modules and this Leonardo, mostly because I can grep the .ino code that goes with it.  The code is like 100 lines at most so I'm not running into any memory headroom issues.

[The Leonardo in its current state](https://imgur.com/l2wfyq4)

I did this because I wanted to ensure that the sinusodal motion of the turbo encabulator was indeed sinusodal and not anything else - because we don't talk about the incident in '74 where someone tried to PWM a sine wave on their encabulator, amiright?

There is so very little information about integrating new monitoring tech (ESP8266) with stuff from a couple of decades back.  I'm pretty sure that the red wire off the Leonardo goes to the red pad on the [encabulator limit controller](https://imgur.com/lzJOKfV) but wanted confirmation before I finish the job.  Sorry for the blurry picture - I still have a wee bit of vibration dampening to do.

Can anyone confirm?
I know the quality is low, but I finally got the chance to put my machine in a coolant chamber to flush the platenits from the Elwin processor.nan
And just like that a new VXer is born...nan
Got a new-to-me muon flux configuratornan
Rate my beginner setupnan
It’s my Reddit cake day! Or, as the community calls it, volumetric antilinear displacement day!What’s your favorite way to use cake (or any food) with your VX rig?
I thought I would share this informative video on turbo encabulators, hope it helpsnan
I'm looking to start building my own Turbo Encabulator from scratch. Any tips?I'm new but I have a good understanding of unilateral phase detraction.
Y’all remember Galvin Mfg.? Saw this Frequency Modulation Receiver while window shopping for Higgs Boson articulatorsnan
Going through my late grandfather’s belongings I was stunned to find this old school synthetic defractionalization fluid kit. Must have been before the switch to non-Newtonian fluids. Note the early QR code!nan
Here's a very controversial opinionI think that the GS-9 Spectromatic Collider Unit is overrated and shouldn't be used for VXing as much as it currently is, and here's why. The GS-9's VX output has a lot of similarities to that utilized by the Spectromatic Collider Unit. While the former can be very loud when working at high frequencies and has large surface area to work in, what it lacks in output power, the GS-9 has over 500 times more surface area than the Spectromatic Collider Unit, meaning you're looking at roughly 12 dB more output power per square centimeter. This is obviously a substantial improvement over using a VX machine of similar output potential, but in my opinion, the main reason to replace your spectrometer with a more energy efficient machine is to improve the VX output much more than it currently does.

The biggest difference between using a good VX machine and a GS-9 Spectromatic Collider Unit is the cooling capacity of both units -- this difference can significantly reduce the time it takes to cool down a large amount of high-frequency radiation as there are far less vents and outlets in a spectrometric machine.
Been at Stanwarz' VX center and got a chance to see the first prototype of Quadriplexic Theta Grid Encirculator! It's amazing how VX-ers could assemble this kind of machines 20 years ago even with so crude tools.nan
I'm making some improvements to the wiki, I encourage everyone to join innan
One of the earliest photos of an ex-vivo magnesio-trizium stabilizing harness being tested in a semi-refracted faraday cagenan
Finally got my hands on Prehorimuletic Glyptotrifexitor. Any ideas how can it improve my old VX3-Σ setup?nan
Which should I buy out of the Vohl leakproof gamma delta module stabiliser (UVX-3188H) and the Xaron delta hyper delta stabiliser (390 chip modified with a gold startube)?They're similar price, and I don't really have a budget for my CR2 ray diffuser table.
Biggest didactic Z-phase mezofilter I've ever seen 😳😳nan
Found this cheat sheet of common hydrogen isotopes. Basic, but might be useful for those just getting started.nan
Y-ORIENTABLES GET OUTnan
Today I stumbled upon what appears to be an illegal cross-dimensional neural gratification herboid. I tried to di-atomize its zaron particles to un-witherize it, but my proton assimilizer's batteries were dead. Any suggestions for removal?nan
Nova valve replacement?My crane valve is out of order (again. Thanks, Italy!) Should I just use the coffee filter as a crane valve?
Portable VX Milsohnn Reticulating Amplifiernan
I will never not cheap out on my IR Laser arraynan
Quantum load cells running at less than 1/4 of it's full capacity 😎..Not sure if I should share my secret or not...if there's enough interest I might be persuaded to share..I'm fuckin stoked right nownan
carbonized zirconium electro-mechanical quantum transmogrification arraynan
Shopping for parts for a rig...nan
the first "portable" tensegrity tester (1973)nan
Person browsing reddit hereSo i stumbled around this subreddit last night and dont understand anything thats going on. Ive looked at the preliminary faq and some popular posts like the one explaining vx as a metaphor about sea and fog. Even then, i have absolutely no idea what is actually going on here. All this jargon you use, i search up on google and most of the time the results are scarce. At first i thought this sub was a big troll but the more i look into this the more confused i get. I wont ask for another explanation. I wont ask why there's barely anything on google about this hobby. I'll make it quick. Im 16 and I think learning about quantum entanglement and atom spins is awesome. My question is what should i study first before delving into whatever this hobby is.
[X-Post] r/electronics OP achieved Makarov phase-lock in what looks like a renormalized inverse-Q simulation with Yamata-Diaz constraintsnan
After 5 hours of troubleshooting, my colleague took one look at my new build and immediately pointed out this amateur mistake. I’m so embarrassed.nan
New inversed post-chaos transformation code.00ppp00ppp0pp0ppp000ppp0)
Lemma theory has been solved, consider adjusting your hyper-parametersI didn't think it would happen in my lifetime, but here it is. I've adjusted my HP to get my delta to match the following below,  and I've seen a 133.333...% increase ACROSS THE BOARD! Hands down easy tweaks I've made in my life. You're welcome.

# Proof of Lemma

Let us define a model N = (λ, RN ) by: RN = {(α0, . . . , αk) : αi < λ and i1 < i2 ≤ k =⇒ αi1 6= αi2 mod n and i1 < i2 ≤ k =⇒ (∃β)(αi1 < nβ ≤ αi2 ∨ αi2 < nβ ≤ αi1 )}. By definition RN is irreflexive, symmetric, and (k + 1)-ary. Let us first show that if w ∈ \[λ\] n+1 then w is not a complete RN - hypergraph. If |w| = n + 1, for some α1 6= α2 ∈ w we have α1 = α2 mod n. Choose v ⊆ w such that α1 ∈ v, α2 ∈ v, and |v| = k + 1. Then by definition R cannot hold on {α : α ∈ v}, so w cannot be a complete R-hypergraph. So N is a submodel of some N0 |= Tn,k of cardinality λ.

Second, let us show that if F : \[λ\] k → \[λ\] <µ is a given strong set mapping then for some w ∈ P we have (∀v ∈ \[w\] k )(w 6⊆ F(v)). First let F1 : \[λ\] k → \[λ\] <µ be to defined by: if v = {α0, . . . , αk−1} ∈ \[λ\] k then 

        F1(v) ={β : for some i0, . . . , ik < n and γ < λ 
            we have (β < nγ + n) ∧ (γ < nβ + n) 
            and γ ∈ F({nα0 + i0, . . . , nαk−1 + ik−1})} 

As we have assumed (λ, k, µ) → n, by Claim 2.5 there is w1 = {α ∗ i : i < n} such that α ∗ 0 < · · · < α∗ n−1 < λ and for all v ∈ \[n\] k , w1 6⊆ F1({α ∗ `:` ∈ v}). Define βi = nα∗ i + i for i < n and let w2 = {βi : i < n}, and let us show w2 is as required for F. First, trivially |w2| = n, as |w1| = n. Second, by definition of RN above, w2 is a complete RN -hypergraph. Third, let us show that if u ∈ \[w2\] k and w2 ⊆ F(u) then we get a contradiction. Let v ∈ \[n\] k be such that u = {βi : i ∈ v}. Then u1 := {α ∗ i : i ∈ v} ∈ \[w1\] k and w1 ⊆ F(u1). \[This is because for each α ∗ i , i < n we presently have βi ∈ F(u) so there is an element

     γ ∈ F({nα∗ 0 + 0, . . . , nα∗ k−1 + (k − 1)}) = F(β0, . . . , βk−1) 

such that (α ∗ i < nγ + n) ∧ (γ < nα∗ i + n), namely γ = βi , which belongs to F(β0, . . . , βk−1) since F is a strong set mapping.\] This contradicts the choice of w1. We have shown that for all u ∈ \[w2\] k , w2 6⊆ F(u), so w2 is as required which completes the proof.
Scientifically illiterate skeptic thinks he's destroying the entire field of vx engineering while making mistakes vx courses freshmen know better than to make. Sad!nan
Is phase-sync cooling necessary?I have a VX8 demo unit, and I've been noticing that it's been running a bit hot. I tried adjusting the waveform, and even the Marx-Dutchen algorithms, but the transistor disk is still hot.

I read up on cooling, and it turns out that the VX8 comes stock with a phase-independent cooler.

You guys have really helped me out before, so I'm hoping you can again.
If your flux dissipators start glowing this green i think you may have a problemnan
Some questions about starting my own buildGreetings fellow Componators, I am having a few difficulties building my own (preferably VX3-standard) machine.

Firstly, because of new regulations for Linden-stable Pseudoconcaptive substances, it is getting increasingly difficult to source Quantumconfluid Neutroxium in my region. Could my Confluctor safely work without those if I supply my Ferrocores with enough Cranoid Energy from the Ion tubes? What would that do to the Mendez-Field in the Recapitators?

Also, according do the Berners-Schmidt law of vector phasing, the amplitude of the internal Hyperflux-oscillator is limited to π*F/3.7bR, does that mean I can increase the overall Lepton emissions by tuning the transnormative Radion inceptors just right?

Thank you for your help, junkies
Classic shop boys...nan
An ant just messed my whole Lorax Bolton setup and then... disappearedWhile observing under fresnel my LB coils I noticed something moving. Hadn’t accelerated any particles yet so I figured it may have just been an optical aberration. Flipped the molex to 20 uS as usual (doing a repetitive test for a lazy client) and suddenly my megameter does a 360 like a freaking fan. Luckily my client had me put a sub miomionic camera (why do we still call them “cameras”?) on the fresnel, so I was able to review the footage... yup, a freaking ant was scouting through the coils and as soon as I flipped the molex BAM the whole calibration was lost. Interestingly enough, the ant just... vanished.

Does anyone have any idea of what happened to it? No carbonization is possible since I’m at sub carburundum levels, so nothing could have even killed it. I’m clueless.
(Pseudo)infinitely collapsible Hyzor-Newflons-323 for $645Hello VXers!

&#x200B;

I have been tuning my HN323 generator for about a decade now and only recently managed to bypass the refluxing stage completely. As you know, defluxing creates a barrier around proto-HN323 clusters to ensure the extraction of high purity Newflons.

&#x200B;

What we didn't know until recently is that by allowing proto-HN323 to collapse in a Klauss-Muzzorvski macrochamber, you get back a single proto-HN323 isotope, a pure HN323 Newflon and excess purple matter.

&#x200B;

Following me so far? Good. Now it's where it gets interesting.

&#x200B;

Recompressing the pHN323 isotope with a weak-force ray gun (or a modified microwave for the garage vxers), restabilizes it in a form that behaves exactly as if it was refluxed.

&#x200B;

So far we have:

1. A single (pseudo-)refluxed proto-HN323
2. A single pure HN323
3. Excess purple matter

&#x200B;

See the pattern here? We extract the proto-HN323, run it through the Klauss-Muzzorvski macrochamber, microwave the isotope and repeat!

&#x200B;

Now that we reduced the cost of equipment from 7 figures to 5, let's see how we can further optimize the setup. My first thought was to put the Klauss-Muzzorvski chamber into the microwave... Bad idea. I foolishly had never cleaned it up and it contained cheese microparticles that immediately bonded with the Hyzor-C isotope. Needless to say I'm glad I still have the finger I used to start the timer.

&#x200B;

Back to the drawing board, if I can't microwave the Klauss-Muzzorvski chamber, I theoretically could enclose the microwave into one. Now, remember the part where a weak force ray gun could do the same thing? Turns out putting the ray gun's focal INSIDE the chamber, it creates a tight wave field around the Klauss-Muzzorvski chamber (due to the ferromagnetic transflobberizer coating)!

&#x200B;

Suddenly my mercury based Newflon meter (yes, call me oldschool) on the desk started resonating like crazy! It was capturing stray HN323 and duplicating them infinitely!

&#x200B;

Holy shit.

&#x200B;

I was shocked. I honestly couldn't believe the measurements and this is the reason I wouldn't release my findings for a week. Fellow VX community peers were able to confirm the hypothesis while I was working on the mathematical model to optimize it for industrial VX use.

&#x200B;

I'm currently working on the official white paper, along with the blueprints on how to make a cheap pHN323 for less than $700 (licensed under CC-VX 4.0). Stay tuned!

&#x200B;

^(Haha get it??? as in hyperfluxed HN323 tuning)

&#x200B;

Moral of the story? Every single tweak, every single failed experiment, every single blown fuzzer-tube is a step towards more accessible VX. We shall not ever don't stop failing!

&#x200B;

I hope I covered everything! Let me know if you have any questions and keep on VXin'

&#x200B;

*Ad Maiora, Converters*
I love seeing a well tuned anti-capitulator at work.nan
HelpHow can I arrange the collisions of synchronous electron spins in order to avoid their entanglement? Van Holzen's laws state it's possible but I yet have to find a way to make it work with my VX-7200 setup.

Thanks for any help!
Why does my VX-8000 reverberator continue to flagellate linearly?Pretty self explanatory. I’ve tried shaving the Rialto pistons, lubricating the core and every other troubleshooting tip in the repair wiki. The reverberator continues sharply along the x-y axis. Tips?
Increase grid vector dampening or decrease Heinz filtration vectors?nan
Behold this beauty: The transplebiator coils in my cousin's garage build are oscillating in perfect sync. Took him 4 years.nan
3 Chemicals I'm having trouble sourcing.Bisexidrine, Cuckoldisol, Worldssorestkneesisil
Perhaps youve heard of them?

They were used in drug trials, but since proven safe they are supposedly available now to order. But Im strugling to find a source.

I had a couple beers last night and started boring the guy next to me in the bar about the machine Ive been working with and he claimed he knew a girl selling Bisexidrine. But I'd rather get it from a reputable source.

Worldssorestkneesisil and Cuckoldisol are apparently, anecdotally, non-lethal but can cause hallucinations if absorbed into subcutaneous fat and released when dieting.

But I'd always wear gloves handling Co-Cuckdasol. Everyone knows that.

They were used in medical applications, butai heard recently that they were taken off the scheduling list and can be obtained without an NBC license now.
ATTENTION: The importance of classification and categorisationI have seen some newcommers having a difficult time to propperly categorise and classify their experiments. This is an ISO standard, so you really have to get this thing right. I will walk through a few things:

* Classification and categorisation: A brief introduction
* How to categorise
* Classification - an explanation of gaussian and bayesian models

*It is important to note that for these instructions, I will be referring to the VX-1080 MAX, as it is a unit-standard. Your VX may differ, but that is not important, as categorisation and classification is a dicipline of science and work ethics.*

# Introduction to classification and categorisation

The literature on categorization is riddled with passages where the terms “classification” and “categorisation” are used indiscriminately to refer to the same process. Rosch et al. (1976) provides an illustrative example of how these two terms are used indiscriminately:

>. . . one purpose of categorization is to reduce the infinite differences among stimuli to behaviorally and cognitively usable proportions. It is to the organism’s advantage not to differentiate one stimulus from others when that differentiation is irrelevant for the purposes at hand. The basic level of classification, the primary level at which cuts are made in the environment, appears to result from the combination of these two principles; the basic categorization is the most general and inclusive level at which categories can delineate real-world correlational structures.

Thus, we must be very careful when working with the two terms. Examination of the systemic properties and forms of interaction that characterise classification and categorisation reveals fundamental syntactic differences between the structure of classification systems and the structure of categorisation systems. These distinctions lead to meaningful differences in the contexts within which information can be apprehended and influence the semantic information available to the individual. Structural and semantic differences between classification and categorisation are differences that make a difference in the information environment by influencing the functional activities of an information system and by contributing to its constitution as an information environment.

We can discuss the magnitude of information until the cows come home, but we must stick to the point in this instruction.

# How to categorise

The first thing you need to remember, is that not all VX machines are the same. When categorising, other scientists need to know three things about your experiement:

1. They need to know **when the experiment was conducted.** Your categorisation should therefore always start with the date of the experiement, going by the ISO-8601, which is yyyy-mm-dd.
2. They need to know **which laboratory/institution conducted the experiement.** This way, they know whom to contact, in case they need to know the specifics or the report. This is marked as a letter, followed by three numbers.
3. They need to know **what kind of VX was used.** This is important in order to calibrate some older modules of the VX and *especially* those produced in Czechoslovakia.

Now, that we know what others need, we now take a look at how we get to that point. Let's say that I have conducted an experiment on the 24th of february, 2013. I have done this in California, at the lovely guys over at MSRI, the mathematical Sciences Research Institute, who have a VX-1080 MAX at their disposal. We quickly look up the code for MSRI and observe, that it is CAL-196. When saving the file from the VX, we name it accordingly, as follows:

    2013-02-24/CAL-196/VX-1080.MAX

Thus, when the scientists in, say, Finland sees our file in the network, they know **when** and **where** the experiment was conducted and they know **on what type of VX** it was conducted. Very clever.

# Classification - an explanation of gaussian and bayesian models

# Gaussian Classification

A common methodology in VX research in evaluating a set of features with respect to their discriminatory power is to carry out a gaussian classification analysis. In a gaussian model, a set of data is characterised by the mean and covariance for each class within the data along a number of dimensions. New data points can then be classified by measuring their distance from each centroid and assigning the class of the closest centroid. The VX provides functions to build a gaussian from a set of multi-dimensional data and for two types of distance measure for classification.

The function train takes a vector or matrix of data representing a number of segments (one segment per row) such as returned by track or muspec, and a parallel label vector. It returns the class centroid and covariance matrix for each unique label in the label vector. Obviously, if the dimensionality of the input data is high this procedure will take some time. For such data it is often useful to first carry out a data-reduction step such as principal components analysis or canonical discriminant analysis and then build the gaussian model. This will be discussed further later in this chapter.

## Bayesian Classification

Once you have a gaussian model, you can use one of two procedures to classify new data points: Bayesian distance or Mahalanobis distance. The Bayesian distance measure treats each centroid and covariance matrix as the specification of a probability distribution for that class. For each new data point we calculate the probability that that point came from each class; the data point is then assigned to the class which gave the highest probability. The Bayesian distance measure is similar to the straight line (Euclidean) distance measure but takes into account the shape of the probability distribution for each class. This probability distribution is estimated by the train function which finds the centroid and covariance matrix of the training data for each class.

&#x200B;

That about wraps it up. If you have any questions, please ask them in the comments. Don't be afraid, we've all been new at some point.
Abandoned wavelet isolation setup. Think it’s salvageable?nan
My Helium capacitors are bulging.... Please help not sure if I am in immediate danger?nan
Friend's Birthday / Ethics QuestionSo it's my friend's birthday today, and he isn't into VX - yet - but I'm tempted to gift him my Haleo-Rendon Partitioner.

I know you might be thinking "Hold up, you're giving *that* unit to a novice? For their *birthday??*" But please let me explain my thinking.

The Partitioner is one of the rare HR modules that actually has some pretty nice applications outside of VX. Guy is into wine and cannabis, and I've seen some other VX friends use this machine to achieve scientifically-perfect dosage preparations for some of their vices. Additionally, it is an elegant, no-mess answer to "how will I ever mince these shallots so finely?"

So here's the ethical question that's really kept me up all night. *Yes,* I would be siphoning the L7a and TMT byproduct. He wouldn't know what to do with it anyway. *Yes* I would be using that byproduct to make fuel for my HR VaporSembler/Recombiner, what else would I do? And finally, *Yes* I would be using that HRVS/R to reverse-engineer top-shelf liqueurs. Who isn't, these days?

SO, maybe you can see my conundrum. I, frankly, see it as a win-win. Friend gets a cool gift, and unknowingly funds my VX addiction for the next couple years by enabling my black market scheme (don't @ me, I'm not shy about taking on bougie boozemongers). 

But am I an asshole? I mean, if I get caught (I won't), can he go down for it? Should I share some of my income with him? Honestly *that* feels like it makes him culpable.

Damn. Idk guys. Sorry for the essay. It's rare that VX crosses over into social situations like this. 

Please, if I'm being a dick, let me know. Also, maybe I just gift him a Heliofractal Ream?

Also keep in mind this guy has an infant and a 3-year-old.
Check out this old school Carrebbar-fry joint panel! It even has the old step switch for Grey looping.nan
Mid Atlantic July Swap Meet Bonus Find: Low Line RFx to Mainline Delta non-hole dongle. Production banned in 1972...still legal for use!nan
First observation of native ferroelectric metal: tungsten ditelluride shows bistable and electrically switchable spontaneous polarization states; potential for new nano-electronics applicationsnan
Find some definitive proof that movies can equate to Delta on a white boardnan
Tips for demodulating the FSK bitstream?I keep getting Goertzel-like carrier signals. The sideband is incomprehensible without intense Gaussian filtering.
Rockwell's new VX retro encabulator is out!*The VX retro-encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and it’s being successfully used in the operation of novertrunnions! Now they contain 6 hydrocoptic marsal veins. Also, whenever a forescent skor motion is required, it may also be employed in conjunction with a drawn reciprocation dingle arm, to reduce sinusoidal repleneration.*  *The new VX machine has a base plate of pre-famulated amulite surmounted by a malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan.*   


I can't wait to get one in my faraday cage!   


Here's the new video release!

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXJKdh1KZ0w](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXJKdh1KZ0w)
Every single time... everybody knows the dump tube HAS to be flushed otherwise the Congen 2000x WILL get clogged....nan
When other subs start to sound like r/VXJunkies....nan
When you leave your beta-recoil antifreeze casts in the gluon moat...nan
Here we have a working prototypenan
[Dark VX Secrets] Use 4 copper threaded Musthaus rings over your antenna cross-joins to curve exhaust downwards - into the earth!nan
The Laktose Institute in Russia unveiled VX themed sculptures on the buildingnan
Such a cartoonish, naïve depiction of the anti-mass spectrometer! Xen crystal in the sub-atomic Klevitz rays? Where's the GMC3-6 Gamma saturator? I'm done 😂nan
Scored these vintage EM-1000 phase coupler lines today for $25 off Facebook.. be jealousnan
What does 'VX' stand for?And could someone please point me in the direction of some resources on what this sub is about and what sort of quals people on here have/where they learn this stuff? Bc for obvious reasons to an outsider its confusing asf.
Feeling cute, might delete later.nan
Looking for a cheap alternative to Lomax-based (i.e. greater than 1.4 ym) diffused rafers. I'd settle for something in the Marcott spectrum, but I already have enough netterite to last me through next cycle. Any suggestions are greatly appreciated!nan
My son is building his first ever bespoke quattroscaled Frich-Mendes radocyclar motor complete with a Thurston-inspired monodwindle housing and (what I thought was a clever touch) *oscipital* ray shielding. Problem is he's stuck at the bronzing stage and needs Dad's advice... Help me help him!nan
Some poorly written equation for a transdimensional turbo flux capacitor flow rate.nan
Can you believe people are STILL arguing over IUTT? 😂😂😂nan
Dude at the swap meet said it was a “Electrician’s trainer” and had it for $20. I almost feel bad for that robbery. Triple-tapped primary transformer, Sinusoidal and Quasi-Tangential generator, and onboard Delta forecasting.nan
Concrete ephilo-zelotin evidence of sub etheric post-invisibility distortium.nan
Wrote the wiki on Ernst Fankernan
Mistakenly Identified - Radial Chertoff Sluicing Ablatornan
Conversion Cables Worth it?I was at a yard sale recently and a man was selling conversion cables from North American 66T 9 pin  to Russian 6 pin adapters. It was a tempting offer, so I bought them. My question is whether or not it is safe to connect my Soviet Hertz Conversion relay to my American Relay Synthesis Atomizer. They're both from about the same era, but I've heard horror stories of the protonic relays going out if you connect parts from different nations. Would the conversion cables negate this risk?
Theoretically exceeding Yalgeth's limitWe all know the story of the famous Yalgeth limit and the redditor who unexpectedly reached it.

  


That, though, was nearly 10 years ago. We have made profound increases in speed, efficiency, and obtainability of VX modules and related items since then.

Before anyone says it, I do understand that Yalgeth's limit is an established and proved limit to delta levels, I understand that. I'm just curious if the new matrix delta stabilizers that multiple companies have been jumping on combined with the theoretical research of Dr. Wirths-Blu (lovingly nicknamed Yalgeth II) could mean there is a possible way to surpass the limit.

  


It's worth remembering that when Yalgeth proved the limit at delta levels of ~0.88 the VX community had very little knowledge of current delta matrix research and in fact Yalgeth didn't include any of that IN her proof. All of the tests we've done to prove the limit have simply used old understanding of VX modules that has recently been shown to maybe not be as accurate as we once believed.

  


So I pose the question here: is Yalgeth's limit truly a natural, fundamental limiting value or did it spring from a lack of real understanding of VX in the way we do today? Do you believe there is theoretically a way to pass the famous limit?
Are imported prebuilds worth the high price?I need a new rig for Hammond-Thurman splicing but I really don't have time to hunt for parts and I really REALLY don't want to doubleshift three entire GGT panels. I found a Japanese prebuild online but it's almost $300. Does anyone have experience with stuff like that here?
How to isolate one of eight bad piezo-strotsky macrochips?nan
My etheric thorium-einsteinium Recombobulator is emitting Zeta rays.Help I think I might be in danger(along with the whole planet). Is this normal? How can I counter the Zeta rays, maybe some hallucinogenic subgeneric metacognition blanket will help? I have an old BloatTOR in my garage laying around, but I'm worrying it may release some dangerous Disastrium particles on touch and reduce the flux of atomic sub-theoretical string particles in my Superflux defense shields, which may lead to further spreading the Zeta rays. 

&#x200B;

What should I do? I'm desperately in need of help, my little hobby project has turned into a massive weapon of ether-molecular obliteration.
Is there an easy way to measure Karnaugh Fracturing Coefficient?I'm looking to get a new zeta-reactance chamber viewport for my VX644, since I've noticed some hairline cracks in my current one. I have my eye on a nice iridium-glass one from Bayes & Melvin (the LZ-489), but I'm worried about the KFC. As you all know, VX6 standards state that the maximum safe KFC for the viewport is 0.85. B&M says this viewport is manufactured to have a KFC of 0.78, but I've heard that there can be microvariations of up to ±0.1. I definitely wouldn't be able to afford a full K-iodine immersion to check, so is there anything else I can do?
Power just went out, I need backupOkay guys so I was in the middle of tuning my copper diode comparator XV-67 module when a sudden influx of T42 phase module transmission sequences overloaded my helicockter, which caused a discrepancy in the readout flow and brought the entire system down? What should I do?
modified VX CW6-3 line, custom build (WIP)nan
A metaphor to help beginners understand what the VX hobby is all about.Perhaps due to recent developments in the news, this subreddit has been getting a lot of posts from newcomers to the hobby who are looking for help understanding what VX is all about.

Let me propose a mental model to help out.  If I may be so bold, I call it "Brennan's metaphor of the lake."  Here's how it goes:

Imagine that you’re standing on the shores of a lake. The atmosphere is foggy, but you can see lights somewhere on the other side. Imagine that you want to know what those lights are, and what sort of things are between you and the lights.

You’d have a number of choices about how to proceed. For example, you could:

* Build a boat and try to sail directly across the lake.

* Build a submarine and cross the lake below the surface

* Build a flying machine to cross the lake through the air

* Dig a tunnel far below the lake

* Build a bridge across the lake

* Walk around the lake

* Build a powerful telescope to try to see across the lake without actually traveling there

* Attach a camera to a kite and try to fly the kite above the fog so that the camera can photograph the other side of the lake.

* Build a powerful fan to try to get rid of the fog that impedes your visibility

Depending on circumstances, you might try one or more of these methods in succession, or you might try a combination of several of them, or you might even think of something else.  And as you encounter problems during the course of carrying out your plan, you'd try other actions in order to solve those problems and work around the limitations, and so forth.

And sometimes, instead of remaining focused on the general problem of trying to study the lights on the other side of the lake, you might become interested in a more specific problem that's related to the approach that you're using - for example, if you're building a bridge across the lake, you might wonder what sorts of materials can be used to build a bridge, or how wide should the bridge be.  If you're building a boat, you might wonder how fast you can get the boat to move, or whether you can create a more fuel-efficient engine for the boat.  If you're flying a camera-kite, you might wonder how high you can make your kite fly, or how heavy your kite can be and still fly at all.

With me so far? Now remember that this is a metaphor. So go back to the mental model, and replace the lake with physics, and the fog with Yalgeth’s Limit. And there you have VX.
Is our world in danger?I've been having trouble with my latest retro VX rig, based on the Markov-Hanselbug-Jörgen discoveries in nuclear plasma splitters of the late 1910s. Specifically, it's been detecting some concerning flux-constant signatures *above* the appropriate Xylozene-6 constant. This could mean a series of nanowave pulse signatures are passing through the Univolt™ sonic flow centrifuge at the Earth's core, causing control malfunctions in the thorium phaser infusers of VX rigs globally! What should we do?
New here. What the frick is VX?nan
Significance of Bernard-Lenawski particles in sub-atomic Klevitz rays.I know that the B-L particles play a huge part in the magnitude of pre-molecular Johanson-Stein rays, but I can't quite understand the scalar fluctuation of magnitude in the sub-atomic Klevitz rays. Is it relative at all to the sub-Beta-pre-Gamma saturation in the vector ray matrix? What is really confusing is that I noticed a slight vectorial decrease of the non-scalar units. Is it a bug in my GraviMeter 3000? Should I upgrade to the new version for accurate results? I really need help, this is confusing me greatly and I think my meta-ether cognition boost device will explode very soon.
Book recommendations?Hello everyone.

I was just replying to someone about books that really helped me along through the VX journey. 

What got you guys started?

I think some of the best reading you can do to get started is "A Friendly Introduction to VX: A New Approach to Interpartical Stochasticism" by Eric Blair. He really breaks down the essentials in a way I haven't seen before.

Thanks, and keep on fluxing!
Starting my own Primative VX show! Any ancient builds you would like to see? My first project will be Graftenburg MK 22 neolithiouds from river rocks!nan
URGENT, PLEASE HELP!I’m having such a panic right now! 

So I’ve been using a MK. VI Discoincubator for my phase 3 flux-triggers. The problem is, ever since I installed the hyper typhoblades in the main block of the outer chamber, the gears and bearings in my Jörg Das Waftenbergensteil generator won’t turn over!  I’m really nervous because I know this can be fatal for my endothermic neo-capacitors! 


What should I do??
Any experience with a Biometra T3?nan
I'm sorta shaking, I never thought I'd see a Bunschlapen-X900 Protothorium Parsing Unit in person...nan
My bakelite morse code transmission unit is no longer compatible with my genuine "lancaster radio". I have 3 heavy 2kg jam jars of mercury - in liquid/ish form. Any advice?nan
My 620vx stopped working yesterday any help?Suddenly yesterday my 620vx just stopped working, all the volspicular tubes are connected and all the nodes are updated. Any help?

Edit: All the kolipisco coils are fine and don’t seem to be overheating
The Holographic Principle only applies to QM particlesLeonard Susskind says physics can't handle information disappearing into a black holes, so it must live on the horizon. What's interesting to me is that it only applies to QM particles ..and not spacetime objects. We are told anything that goes into a blackhole is spaghettified ..turned into quantum waves. It then works out that the holographic principle is only handling information stored in quantum waves. Quantum waves hold the information for the physical object they represent.

So what's the point of this thread? Well, I think it's telling us that spacetime is a special occurrence. We are likely in a black hole of quantum waves ..but something sparked the dimension of spacetime for us. The black holes we see in our dimension probably do not have spacetime enacted within them.
Early stage VX build. I like getting the groundwork done before testing the thorium reducer.nan
Using nodeJS and my cell phone to control the VX machine remotely.I set up a simple VX system but I re-routed the switches into a Raspberry pi relay that I'm using as a server. Then I installed NodeJS and connected the VX switches to the webapp. Now I can connect to the server from the internet and adjust most of the settings, and read the output.

This is perfect for anybody whose experiments require the machine to keep running, even while they're at work (personally I'm aggregating feedback folds, so I want to see how many cycles I can get to). I avoided cracking an oblidisk because I've got push notifications on my phone for whenever the fissile circuits start to overheat. I logged in, checked the readouts, made some adjustments, and everything calmed down.

I'm going to install cameras and microphones soon.

This is a game-changer for me.
My son made his first manually inducted hydraulic panostater for the science fair! He's just like dad!nan
A working 2200 model guys!nan
What’s the application?I’m a chem major so I’ve delved into Quantum before but browsing through here I can’t even tell if this sub is a joke or not. Google gives me almost nothing expect reddit posts saying it’s a joke but the comments and photos are too consistent it seems. If this is all real, what’s the actual application for it? If it’s calculating a number or a simulation what’s all that eventually translate to? Like quantum can be eventually translated to making resistors for computers but what is VX (generally) applied  to?
Calculating theoretical square shift force vectors for Anti-Transfunctioner. (not my equations)nan
[HELP] Did I permanently cloak my Optical Permitivity adjuster?I was experimenting with nanoscale negative refractive index transmission line medium and my oscillation generator must have been out of calibration because I think it exceeded the 200 Terahertz range....

From Wikipedia:

>"However, at around 200 terahertz issues arise which make using the split ring resonator problematic. "Alternative materials become more suitable for the terahertz and optical regimes."

I was aware of this difficulty so I attempted to impede the Rayliegh-Watkins ∫ e^(x&#40;x+1&#41;)y^(2) reflectivity feedback loop with a nanolithographic reduction algorithm but my Keithley may have been out of calibration. (When I say "may have", I mean the last recorded calibration date was in May of 1982 😅) 

Anyway, the reflectivity of the Transmission Line Medium increased exponentially and, as you may have guessed, sent the radiation directly back into the Optical Permittivity Adjuster, which is still on my workbench but is completely invisible to the naked eye. Is there any known way to reverse this? Or should I break out the sandpaper and see how deep the cloak goes?
Warning: Passing current in a ReciprocalY3B wave will fry your Hepto-1100 boards. The left side of my board took the bulk of the damage; the Mankan core might be salvageable. Image is false-color XRAY; I'm hesitant to remove the chip from the Faraday box before it cools further.nan
Buying advice for auxiliary plasma coolersHey all!
I’ve finally gotten to the point where I don’t feel comfortable pushing any more power through my rig without a secondary plasma cooler. I’m looking for something fairly inexpensive, but that can last me a while. Not concerned with fancy features like auto-bypass, fluid re-encapsulation, or atmospheric loss scavenging, just need something reliable. 

I’ve been looking at the [Quizzkam Strato XC](http://www.smartclima.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/OIL-COOLER3.jpg), which is a little out of my budget range, as well as whatever the cheapest [Huüer](https://www.fischerelektronik.de/pim/upload/fischerData/image/bigweb/flki295_tif.png) thing is. 

I’ve also been looking at used / new old stock plasma coolers, mostly from Eastern Europe. Would something like an old Soviet [Vigochok PLx99](https://laurelleaffarm.com/item-photos/Old-farm-tractor-driven-sprayer-pump-PTO-coupling-Delavan-Laurel-Leaf-Farm-item-no-n323446-1.jpg) be worth considering?

I’m looking for any alternatives I’ve missed, as well as pros and cons of what I’m looking at. 

I know I can pick up a crappy [Oolong dinmaster](https://image.made-in-china.com/202f0j00ZQhfSgYDuEbz/Air-Compressor-Part-Factory-Gas-Steam-Filter-Housing.jpg) p.o.s for like $80 online, but I’m hoping for something less.....fire hazardy than that.
saw this at a meetup in chicago "which one of these is not like the others?" 😂nan
Jus found something as useful as the Hüber-Spanngel 433. Had to be said.nan
/u/vxjunkiesGPT2Botnan
I bypassed the mid range dynocromatic bit settings on a Glade scent plugin, upped the core resequencing rate by about 8(10^17), & threw in a Honcho E8 over drive reciever with an astounding 1100 EKq's of compression flow just for good measure. Peers and colleagues, I present the first true AI.nan
Remember, Heavy Water Makes Better Coolantnan
Attempted to bench calibrate a second hand Quantasprock, now stuck in a Norlsbiel loopI picked up a used quantasprock from this guy I normally get my inversive-style field-core parts from but I think he may have ripped me off. I was running a sweep diag to check the partial Tiens buffer load (obviously, I’m no amateur), just to make sure I wasn’t going to over-pressurize the barionic manifold and I noticed there were excessive latent korbules resting at the bottom of the heap. You know just as much as I do that you should expect a few korbules, even after you’ve evacuated the Tiens chamber, but there were at least seventy thousand of the little guys in there. I didn’t think too much of it at the time. I figured that they’d all go transient after boot up; no big deal right? So I proceeded to finalize the diag and accessed the T176 port to connect the calibrator to the quantasprock. As soon as I plugged in the cable, the inductive channeler began to flux and my shop was irradiated with freely co-meromorphic
polytopes. I attempted an emergency flush but my dimensional processor vent overheated and collapsed inward on itself. 

I did my best to clear out the fluidic matrix but I keep getting a code 7 error after running the calculations.
I'm trying to self-unclip using the longwards backleap method, but it doesn't seem to be workingI'm right in front of the ascending apparatus and I've tried to backleap longwards. I'm trying to descend into the backtoral dimension of reality space and explore around a bit, but it doesn't seem to work.
A friend tried to do this once, suffice to say it didn't end wellnan
Thermistors always decrease the Plank velocity coefficient.nan
DAE have a VX4 compatible polyflux stabiliser/phase inverter?Yeah yeah you saw it right, this sad man is fiddling about with a 2003 ~~Birnham-38h~~ Birnham-38b rig which has 1 (one!) outdated gen-4 gamma socket to handle the whole positronic transmodulation mumbo jumbo you all know about, including Hoffman rebounds and microphase fluctuations!

Short version: it's a pain in the arse and I'm reaching out here for help as I seriously doubt any sellers even bother with VX4 compatible boards. If anyone here is able to help out I'd be eternally grateful.

btw I'm using this junk to try and recreate the conditions under which Juliet Crawford recorded positronic pseudo-undulations in the flux stream back in 06 because afaik that experiment hasn't been publicly confirmed yet and I'd very much like a juicy spot in the VX textbooks (and would be keen to share it with anyone who helps out)
FOR SALE: Kant Counter, DM with offers**SPECS:**

* From broken VX Unit (Gen 7), Counter not harmed
* Runs on 220+100i Volts, doesn't work with Real-Only power supplies
* Precision: Up to 1-4 nanoHumes
* Measurement frequency: 500 THz
* Overclocked proton tube
* Safe to handle without Hazmat suit
* Toroidal projection field

#NO LOWBALLS!
Everything Vx is shutting down!I am very sad to announce that Everything Vx is shutting down after more than 23 years of service. I want to sincerely thank everyone involved for being part of the experience.

We at Everything Vx are looking to make everything we do online better.

This includes our community. We want to keep everyone involved and involved in everything we do. So please, please, please keep our community connected. Thank you for giving us the pleasure of giving you the tools and the support you deserve.

Thank you for giving us the chance to provide our community we love with the best support possible. Whether you are new to the discipline or a veteran.


All the best

Matt
So when they say your entire Roun-Gallagher plate might freeze at low levels of use.... they mean it! .....Cool huh? Heh. You should see our cat right now... We're going to have temporal interference for days....nan
The mods are sleeping... Quick! Everyone post their dream rig if containment was not an issue. (or money!)Take two Russian V.1 BRT "Berthas".

Set the first one's pre-amblic resonator to be exactly 180 degrees out of phase with the second one.

Daaaaisy-chain the ferro-cores.

...wait for it.

On second thought, RUN!!!!!!! :)
New numerical system found!?I was researching numerical renumeralization with my 3 year old son over the weekend - he wanted to give me a Fathers' Day surprise, and he sure did:  he discovered an entirely new numerical system!

&#x200B;

This post might be a bit preliminary, but our initial findings include (but are not limited to) the following numbers:

* Eleventy squidrillion:  This is 11011, followed by 71 zeroes, in base pi.
* Twenty-seventeen thousand: obviously, 2017,000 - don't you dare read that as 2-million-seventeen-thousand.. That number has obviously been around since 54321 BC.. That would not be a new discovery. No, read carefully:  it's 2017,000.  2017,000 is a number derived by re-integrating the Grangerian Composite, except using a Malkovian coefficient of 6, instead of the usual 20,032.  And finally, the last number:
* Michael: The number, "Michael", is actually eight-hundred-and-thousand-thousand. We have not determined how to represent this number with digits, so we decided to name it after my son, whose name is Eric.

&#x200B;

We will continue to update this post as we further our research and conclusions.  So exciting!
Career in VXHello fellow vx junkies and enthusiasts! I've been browsing this subreddit for the past few days, and have fallen head first into the world of VX! I've ordered an entry level kit (VX-*2) and it should be here in a few days. I was wondering what careers are available in the VX world? I'd love to work on larger VX- Tralinizors, but don't want to get stuck calibrating Jollin Units for the rest of my professional life... Any advice for a good career path is appreciated! Especially from current pro-VX people.
VXers in the wild....nan
Cascading system failure prompted by positive heat feedback loop in flux turbine propellers! [WARNING]This evening I encountered a catastrophic failure in my rig shortly after I powered on my new flux turbine propeller module. After calibrating and post-processing my pseudo-positron field according to the instructions, I kicked the flux into 5th gear and within two minutes I had a runaway positive heat feedback loop that damn near started a fire in my garage and needless to say bricked my entire setup. I have never seen anything like this before, and I was one of the original VX alpha testers. **PLEASE BE WARNED: DOUBLE CHECK YOUR PRIMARY AND SECONDSRY PP FIELDS PRIOR TO ATTEMPTING 5TH GEAR**

Should I have upgraded my coolant module to the latest VXcool 2.5 patch prior to attempting 5th gear, despite the inversion factor bugs that everyone's been complaining about?

I guess this is more of an academic question and a warning to other users at best -- this disaster has destroyed easily $40,000 in VX equipment and auxiliary modules. Wife is pretty pissed. (And before you ask, yes, I had my coolant system vents open at the time.) 

Only good news is my sub-proc distribution layer escsped unscathed from a functional perspective. It's a bit black on one side from the propeller heat but otherwise works fine. Would be willing to sell it if anyone needs a spare and wants to make a reasonable offer.
Guys, I really screwed up!Let me start of by saying I'm new to all this. 

I got my first VX-machine (a used VX6) only a few weeks ago, and have been fiddling around with it ever since. Yesterday I was gonna run some tests for a thing involving the Malwager theorem (a hobby of mine) and I accidently plugged the connector between the ionizer and the main unit in upside-down. I know what you're thinking - how is that even possible - that connector is keyed. Well here's the thing, mine wasn't. The previous owner must have changed it at one point and used a connector that could fit in both direction.

Well as you all might have expected, the main ionizing destabilizer is totally burnt out, I don't think there's any hope to salvage anything from that. Do you guys think any other parts might have survived or should I just start looking for a completely new machine? Are there any good tests I can do to test the remaining parts individualy?
Any Arc Computational Methodologists Here?As the title states, I am curious if anyone here is in the habit of using arc computational methodologies in determining full screen output for their loss capture inductors when employing a Melk-Talos staging system.  While calibration of the emitters can be more problematic, I find that overall efficiency improves by an order of 10-20 micro-Kriegs  compared to implementation of standard Laurentine  calculi.

&#x200B;

Thoughts?
Probably the wrong place to ask but is there any community that focuses specifically on trading volatility indeces (VIX)?nan
Lost: Revolving clasp sequence from a Cricklewood Model F-z3aHi all sorry for the spam, not sure if this is appropriate for the sub but I think I left my clasp sequence at VX-AU 2019 last weekend! Must have had one too many ciders at the wrap up drinks. If anyone finds it (or even can find it?! It'll only be weakly interacting at this point!) I'll pay a kings ransom for it. It took me weeks to put it through successfully (it took 15 passes before it got to a usable point). Any help or clues greatly appreciated.
Rantheon ZZ10 Antiproton Resonance Skid PlatesI found this set of Rantheon ZZ10 Antiproton  Resonance Skid Plates just thrown away on the side of the street on my walk this morning. They look pretty rusty, but I've been looking for something that will be able to help with my coolant overflow issue on my signal booster. Does anyone know if these will do the trick?

https://preview.redd.it/erl6odvdu5431.jpg?width=2250&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=82ed2442eb46dfd1ae997059a08847b4f12d8f7e
Newbie Question about the VXTech 7525-2310-15 ClassicI can't believe I have to ask this, but I got mine second hand without a manual and google turned up nothing.

How do I set the clock? I want to run the automatic reducer twice a day, and pumping the manual clutch is really aggravating my carpal tunnel.
Digging around in my girlfriends garage.. Can any of you tell me exactly what this is?nan
Next time someone tries telling you that a microencabulator is better than an autoauric flange manipulator at calculating Dantonikov's Constant just show them this.nan
Does anyone have a good lead on some third generation Nash oils? I’m specifically looking for about two liters of blue.nan
I can only hope to one day get on this level.nan
[HELP] BSOY when reloading triquilliums.nan
Detecting chromatic redshift in algebraic K-theory using the cyclotomic trace map to topological Hochschild homologyLet A be a commutative S-algebra (or some other kind of structured ring spectrum). The topological Hochschild homology THH(A) of A is an S^(1)\-equivariant spectrum whose underlying spectrum with S^(1)\-action can be constructed as A ⊗ S^(1), where ⊗ refers to the tensor product of commutative S-algebras over spaces. Think of A as a ring spectrum of functions on a derived scheme X. Then the n-fold smash product of A is the ring of functions on the n-fold product of X, so that THH(A) plays the role of the ring of functions on the free loop space of X, while the space of S^(1)\-homotopy fixed points of THH(A) plays the role of functions on the Borel construction.

There is a natural trace map from the algebraic K-theory K(A) of A to THH(A), which factors through the fixed-point spectra THH(A)^(C\_r) for all finite subgroups C\_r of S^(1). In particular, there is a limiting map from K(A) to the homotopy-limit of THH(A)^(C\_{p\^n}), as n tends to infinity. Continuing with the canonical map from fixed points to homotopy fixed points, the target of the map from holim THH(A)^(C\_{p\^n}) to holim THH(A)^(hC\_{p\^n}) is p-adically equivalent to THH(A)^(hS\^1). The cyclotomic structure of THH(A) gives a similar map from holim THH(A)^(C\_{p\^n}) to holim THH(A)^(t C\_{p\^{n+1}}) (the t in the superscript referring to the S^(1)\-Tate construction), whose target is p-adically equivalent to THH(A)^(t S1.)

The topological Hochschild construction itself does not introduce a redshift, since THH(A) is a commutative S-algebra. However, in all computations made so far, any v\_{n+1}-periodicity that is seen in the algebraic K-theory K(A) has already been visible in the S^(1)\-Tate construction. of THH(A).

Edit: Improved formatting. Also, it is also possible to see in homological terms where the redshift arises, in terms of these S^(1)\-equivariant constructions. See [here](https://arxiv.org/abs/1403.4838).
Using aftermarket/USSR components; advice?Glad I found this sub. 

Up until last year I was running a prebuilt VX rig; a 1985 ‘Ohmstar’. I inherited the hardware from my dad who I think modified it with a phased C-ring but apart from that I think it was standard spec.

I didn’t use the equipment very often and probably should have cleaned the boson filters more regularly, but basically I was trying to show off to my wife by demonstrating a series of unfettered ion loops (I know) and caused a small proton cascade which burnt out the Delta converter.

I have tried and tried to track down a replacement D converter with no luck, as Ohmstar went bust in the early 90s. A friend recently pointed me towards a seller in Russia who sells aftermarket D’s through Facebook but I’m a bit suspicious. It makes sense that Russians would be able to make D’s compatible with Ohmstar rigs because IIRC, Ohmstars were designed to work based on Breshnikov principles and the guy seems to work with the old soviet components.

However, I don’t want to risk buying when it might not be 100% compatible. I’m also a bit worried about causing an international incident in case there are sanctions on these parts etc. because we all know what can happen there!

Any advice appreciated.
Just figured out I could substitute tritial Ω-curves with Rubrium spans instead...Up to this point, I have been tritial Ω-curving my counter flanges with triclopian mesh particles. Problem is that the base VX stitching defluxes after 681°, which is great if your counter flanges are 8th state μ-bonded... Guess who's QZH unit has malprionized lesting. :/
What I figured out is that the Ω-curve from shell 11 (Torual gain) will drop to shell 10 (Torual equal) stabilizing the Valheerit bearing if I localized the Rubrium spans in-between each flange's central prion wave.
Ghorosi Particles - Buddy said he *did not* shield!nan
Ytr 44*/ Sui̧t..$$PAIN!PAIN055&##----.           U̟̼̜̜̜̲͘p̪
Homemade Grabonich generator help?I've been looking to make my first Grabonich generator, but I live in a small two-bedroom apartment.

&#x200B;

Now, I've seen Johan Kurz's videos on the matter, but Jarosek's Theorem says such a thing can't work on the scale that I'm planning. My math says it can be done, but only if I add a psi-field percolator to the teladon shielding.

&#x200B;

Is this actually doable, or will it wind up like a tiny Xinyao disaster?
I'm trying to get my son excited about VXHe just turned 9, and I remember when I was his age I was already collecting hypermanifolds. I gave him an HM9 for birthday, and he said he liked it (I mean, what 9yo wouldn't... It glows!). But he hasn't even taken it apart yet. Is he just not ready for VX? Or is there something better to open his eyes to the world of VX design?
Klorost Junctions in Action [Displays]nan
I can't destabilize my proximity emitters!I know it sounds insane to build my dual cast radiation biomater induced without a procure axle to turn off my inhibitors but I may have made another mistake. I have triangulated the problem to be within the titimitus crystallizer. Here is how my bidual chain emitter has put it this far:

Emitter array- 207%
Recross mechanism stabilizer- 309%
Calcium diode- 87%
Titanium paradigm shift extractor-12%

At this rate, it will be impossible to destabilize the emitter! At this rate, my triangulated Diome data retrofitters will erupt and annihilate all the VX parts I've installed in the past year. Any help would be sufficient. 

Also keep in mind that I clean the nylon chromium tubes daily.
a slight VX breakthrough.a modified VX module for detecting flux fields around certain objects. by adjusting the parameters, one can even tap into some frequencies of orthorgonoenergetic signals. This particular module came with a viewing screen, which had a usb port to boot my own copy of a modified delta driver. (used QUINTUPLE twist ratcheting block)

&#x200B;

applications:

I think with this setup you could theoretically surpass Yalgeth's limit to go to 0.89 delta output. i believe you could do it, as long as an object is far enough away, and you have enough power. doing any more than that would require more power than ever generated on Earth, because of the exponential curve limit. you would also need a LOT of shielding.

&#x200B;

downsides:

apart from a lot of power and shielding, the quintuple twist ratcheting block is only thermostatically stable for around 5 minutes. any more and i would probably have a meltdown. moment of silence for alexander lonvro nar. the deltas are probably going to collapse, as u/oneisnotprime's did ages ago. (followed his radiospectrogrammic tables)

&#x200B;

and yes, ALL of the volt spectrum was accounted for.

maybe someone with more experience than me could find a way to beat Yalgeth's limit with this setup. (better dial ratios)

here is my math: [https://imgur.com/a/chdAPKU](https://imgur.com/a/chdAPKU)

&#x200B;

wish yall luck with your vectors.

&#x200B;

UPDATE: i achieved this with ratchet core thermovectors, as the ferrocore conduction rate would not have allowed me to achieve hyperflux.

&#x200B;

UPDATE UPDATE: im getting my readings at 0.88900000071 delta, after adjusting my drive outputs, as u/moondoginyoureyes suggested. im so freaking close. does anyone know a way to bypass the triple valve filter to get a greater power input? (i know its dangerous) i just got more thermal shielding, and will post a picture soon.

&#x200B;

UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE: [https://youtu.be/Bx8WUvMgkOs](https://youtu.be/Bx8WUvMgkOs) i completed the experiment, and got to 0.89 delta, before my exterior reflector tubes collapsed. thank goodness for my radiation band.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

ladies and gentlemen, i present...

 0.89 delta.
Found an old Model 72 no. 3 for sale with an amusing descriptionnan
I was encountering massive XY quaking when the 8-X was at the Barrett Harmonic. I slapped together a resentative box to upstate the femmions. Did I put the port on the correct side?nan
Honestly how could I be so foolishnan
A Galois Connection Calculus for Abstract Interpretation [PDF]nan
Breakthrough! Upping the voltage in A3A3A8 and lowering the amps coming through A4A1A1 dealt with the cross-contamination of the biocular solenoid, thus causing the "Häsz" depolarizing recriprociter I installed to produce <3.85kHz! Things are back to normal again!nan
Came here via the Random Subreddit button and...I'm perplexed!As the title says, I stumbled in here after clicking the random subreddit button and holy hell, I have no idea what is going on here! I read the stickied post for beginners and the sidebar but I'm still confused. The sidebar said vx is like a computer but with advanced industrial use if you know what you're doing? Can anyone ELI5? Can you tell me of some uses? Anyway, I'm just fascinated but lost. If you guys don't want to explain, that's totally cool too. I'll leave y'all to do your thing.
Explain what a VX machine is, what it does/can do, and further reading to possibly get into the hobby.The title mostly says it all. I am very confused, even after reading the pinned post, and am looking for a hobby involving science and engineering. This hobby sounds like it fits the bill, but I would like to know exactly what that hobby is before I begin to invest time in it.
How much is a gallon of exopremiotic distillation byproduct worth?Hey, I’ve been distilling expremiotic liquids, but have no idea what to do with the byproduct. I’ve just been saving it and have about a gallon now. I’ve heard it can be used as a subcatalyst in Léon-Zero reactions but I don’t have nearly enough experience or a VX capable of handling anything in that field. I’m sure it could be sold but have no idea how much it’s worth.
So confused. Need help.I was gifted a VX from my uncle-in-law, and it works fine for the most part (except for a small leak in the quaternial pairing array, but I honestly don't mind the smell). However, I really want to upgrade the thermodecoupler. Here's where I'm running into trouble. It seems that because my VX is an older model (HDR-1T/68 rev. 2.12) I'm supposed to use a thermodecoupler with a Wellkin band rather than one with the much more common (and therefore much less expensive) Rothstein band. The only difference as far as I can tell is the size of the silicasons, but does that really matter? I have a hard time believing something like that could put me outside of one standard deviation of the Felton prime.

I've read about what happened in Tempe in '08, and I don't want that happening to me. But I also can't see spending the extra money if I don't absolutely have to. Please advise.
HELP! Accidentally put thermorefined eVRP on my vertical plasma ionizerSo I got the eVRP from Bohr's Boson Bore Emperium during this weeks ongoing sale. 

Once I got home I mixed up the eVRP with the bVTP which obviously is not treated with protanium.

How fucked am I ?

Edit: word
SALE ON THERMOREFINED aVRP AND sVRP!Hey guys just a heads up, there’s a sale on vertical reticular plasm (activated and stagnant) at Bohr’s Boson Bore Emporium. Grab one today for 30% off, and if you buy two, they’ll throw in a free quadrophosphate convex capacitor. I just picked mine up and I gotta say, it really works as a great Phlogistohmeter lubricant.
macro shot of my yalgeth probe [50x]nan
MRW the tech industry releases a 48 Endodormix relay that works with both telecryo software and a bi-directional cubix pod 😳🤤nan
They think they solved it. I'm not going to tell them.nan
Um, so I just deionized my Böehmer frequency plate......without first soaking in isotropic binding fluid. Fuck my life.


What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in your VX workshop? Because I think I just found mine.



Also, any tips to reverse the disaster I just created would be fantastic, because I am not ready to fork another $14,000+ for no reason. To be honest I might be done with the hobby altogether. Just kinda over it all at this point.
Look at all these Yttrium hyperconductors! Grafenburg wants to know your location...nan
Can You Emulate with this?Just finished assembling my model g52. I was wondering if this could emulate a system like Switch? Obviously you need control inputs and a display, but how do you go about attaching these without bypassing the secondary core-lock dromatonators? I'm afraid removing those wouldn't play nicely with the primary Steinen fuse, given the g52's somewhat finicky power output. But I really want to play Zelda on this thing.
[VX History] The central control module for "VX City," the USSR's first foray in to ultra-largescale VXing. The "City" had over 100 buildings full of primitive VX technology. A modern ferrocore can perform more Wiśniewski antineutrino coupling cycles in a second than the entire City could in a week.nan
Thought this RPM meter might amuse the crowd.nan
[Crisis] They are going to get many false alarms from Steinback-Green %x modules. We need to address it NOW.nan
Analog beta pulse oscillators are better than digital ones. Change my mindnan
FINALLY! After months and months of work I've finished the final piece of my new build. (Critiques are very welcome)nan
Any of you guys ever build a Quazon Interpolator? Mines a bit low on alpha particles rn, but even not working so well I think it's cool.nan
Kind of an oldschool thing, but are people still having backyard subdelta battles?I remember a friend of a friend getting a 0.73Δ (it was a huge thing back then, I called him Count Nerdoccula), meanwhile my rig couldn't even get get a φ+ loop and I had no idea why...

&#x200B;

Check the Pherrophase signal for abnormal Kerkovski functors first, you dumbass! Haha
If you look closely you can see the Tsvolski Solenoids used. I’m shocked they declassified this given all the research that went into that angular momentary drives’ rotational features.nan
Who can agree? Kids these days have it too good!nan
First news of the Gilberwicz VX12!I saw a Russian news article about a leak from Gilberwicz that had some info on the VX12! Apparently it’s the first Omni-compatible model, so it can used in any setup. It also means we can finally do trinitum calculations by combining normal proto-quantum cpus with vax simulators! Happy VXing!
Any good sub-replacements for a VX-7894iD CounterStronk Module? (Serious)Hey guys, working on a new VX build and i need a replacement for my 7894iD that's guaranteed safe that will work with my other modules (A PL48 IntraFlux cord and some /-\\ux-fibulator chargers hooked up to Poltein boxes with a combination of normal Triple Flip Wires and duct tape). What can i use?
New to VX, what should I read next?I just finished Holorampant Theory, by Ralf Drërres and it was honestly inspiring. If an eighth of what he's saying turns out to apply to the Fureire Paradox, it could entirely change how we work with these systems. 

I'm really excited to learn more. I'm just not sure if I should start with some background, or if I can just keep researching Fureire interactions. 

The reason I got into this was because I eventually want to create my own Hydraulic Satrid-dampener, but I'm still very much in the learning phase, so any suggestions are welcome.
Today Marks the 64th Anniversary of the Birth of Reuben Austwurn, VX Legend and Author of "Ferrocores and You"nan
Nifty Galois PuzzleSaw this on Puzzle Jackie's blog and had to share (she gave permission). As always, the goal is to find an equilibrium state. (For simplicity's sake please express your answer in parentheses form or Duhem form. Also don't forget spoilers!)

Group: S2 (without 0')

**Operation Set:**

O_1 [+1A, -2A, Obregon Operator]

O_2 [×2A, ×2A, Jass Operator]

O_3 O^n

**Cache**:

1 Mixolydian 5

2 Dorian 5

3 Phrygian 3

4 Ionian 1

5 Ionian 0

Hint: What is O_1(O_2(c)) if c is a compact member of the cache? How about O_2(O_1(c))?

Ninja Edit: In case it's not clear, _ is the Laïs-Duhem Bar Operator. O_1 would be written O(m, m^1) for those who use Nacráw notation.
Help finding a standoff spacerI need a standoff spacer for a class II K3 hydraulic siphon pump but can't seem to find one on Ebay. I somehow managed to crack the the original one before/during my bi-monthly Pfenning-DrAaP incursion load test but didn't realize it until the test showed zero across all meters. I know these things are supposed to be more or less indestructible considering how they're built, but sure enough the damn thing isn't holding vacuum anymore and is leaking to the tune of ~.49 Torr a second. 


I think I found one on some Russian forum that looks like it was made in the mid-80's  (here's to hoping Google translate isn't letting me down) but it looks like it's the Chechen model and I'm honestly not sure if it's even compatible with the Nikotama model line. I know they went through a couple of generational changes but I think the spacers were one of the few parts that didn't undergo a retrofit when Metzger overhauled the plenum design addressing the photionic chain-scorching problem back in '84. Does anyone know if this one will work or am I am just out of luck and am going to have to hold out for the original Denning model? Is there anywhere that I could maybe get one custom made if so?


Related but off topic: Anyone got any ideas as to how the crack would have happened? Since I don't have a replacement I can't fire it back up to get downstream thermal readings before the physical actuation of the siphon to troubleshoot, but even then I'd be worried about just cracking the new one and being stuck in this same situation again. I'm thinking that there's a failure on one of the optocoupler isolated bridges on the valve controller, but haven't gotten in there with a meter yet. 


Thanks in advance!
I accidentally used a broken wave-matter oscillator, and now my friend's frequency is out of phase. How do I fix him??nan
What's the loop on Enocean sets actually doing?I recently made a post here, as I need to clone the signal of an 868mhz remote (trying to make my rig smart). Since the system would have to be permanently connected to be a server, I thought I would build it fresh. 

I've been looking at my options as far as a Dalton uplink goes, and some people from this sub kindly gave me some advice (suggesting Yardstick One etc.). However, something that has repeatedly come up in my research is Enocean transceivers such [as this](https://cdn02.plentymarkets.com/6mi3i5bhx3zt/item/images/32560/middle/--10.JPG). I am completely new to this area so I'm having trouble grasping exactly what that sexy red loop is for. Is it just for show or does it affect the Western edge of the Empat port? I say west as I'm in the northern hemisphere, for reference.

But I'm so excited! I think we've all heard about the magic energy harvesting system from Munich. I love the idea but have never seen anyone using it. Have you tried? Probably only works in smaller rigs, mine isn't complete (never even turned it on) and I'm building based on a 2010's philosophy but it's already larger than my garage, LOL!

​Although Yardstick One is probably the best option I really like the idea of just having something I can stick on the inside. So much sleeker.

Again, I'm completely new to this, so apologies if something really obvious totally went over my head...
My Muon-Coupon jiggler is acting up!Whenever my Jiggler (a Camelson X3) reaches the Razmatsov point, it starts giving off Brembley emissions.
Latest version of VxWorks not booting on new MCD5000 IP Deskset System.Is it time for me to upgrade?
Now that the 8-X is up, I'm pre-fabbing the restrainer clampons for the inevitable Bind-Torrus anomalies. Is it ok to use wood?nan
Finally got my 8-X running without the cross matrix! So much more field variability!nan
Don't be me...always remember to demagnetize your chromatic tensors prior to introducting the analysis functionator...nan
Is the discovery of Ice XVIII's protonic metal properties going to be the final nail in VX's coffin?nan
Quick PSA and apologyHey everyone, I've been getting a few out-of-bounds messages from my most recent experiment and wanted to reach out. At the time, we used a token-ring timespace dilator because it made sense. Not super reliable, but saves time. You may have heard heard echos from the delta-entropy shifts when we were trying to phase-align the tightbeam signal. Next time we will be much more focused on ensuring our temporal protection gear is up to code. Sorry about that.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Forgot to include hardware specs. Our token-ring dilator is a bit aged, only a HDG-4. Signal processor is brand new though, VTX-928 with all the additional antennae. Our protection gear is standard issue, got them when we had the contractors license. MIL-SPEC 2843-SHSTD-03 each.
HEY DO YOU WANNA MODERATE THIS SUBREDDITHi.  


As my career with Volt Xoccula has gotten more and more involved in projects distant from a screen with internet access -- no need to go into further details on any of those particular projects -- I have had much less time to devote to the upkeep and moderation of this forum. I and the other moderators, like most people who's full-time job is not Being On The Internet, have not kept our work here up to the pace of the sub's growth. I'll admit some accountability there.  


I'm looking to ask a few new people to step in.  


I and the others will be remaining in our existing positions to prevent any hostile takeover, in order to remain the fairly independent subreddit that we have always aimed to be. We don't want to go the way of the old VoltX forums. Corporate shills. However, I'm looking for 1-3 new moderators with an interest in filling a small, limited role here.

  
\---

&#x200B;

Your job will mainly be:

1. Checking Reported and New to Remove, Spam, or Ban content deemed "Negative"by the Armistan Code-X of Justice. Establishing the framework of the Code will take up the majority of our interview process, but this task is to be performed 1x per day.
2. Checking the spam filter and approving submissions from accounts under 24 hours that \*aren't\* robots. 1x per day or as requested.
3. Responding to modmail, especially with regards to requests for flair. As requested.

In exchange for doing this, you get a few privileges:

1. You can improve the design of the subreddit's graphical overlay based on your preferences. (Caveat: unless your taste really sucks)
2. You can create regularly-scheduled community events based on what you want to see.
3. You can probably put this on your resume. Right?

With these limitations:

1. You will not be able to add new moderators
2. You will not be able to remove existing moderators
3. Existing moderators get veto privilege on things that we catch.

  
A Note of Explanation:

&#x200B;

I hope whoever applies -- and the members of this great community -- understand that I'm not attempting to hold onto "power" with those limitations, since I... have a *lot* of other stuff going on. The limitations above are set up purely to prevent a hostile overtaking, which we have seen in many good niche subs over the years. I want this community's beautiful spirit to be preserved and will resist any attempt at damaging it. To that end, I will also warn anyone applying to moderate here that this community will never, ever buy any product attempting to capitalize on this hobby, and I will *personally* crush any such attempts at creating brand opportunities out of this forum.  


I'll attempt to be transparent and accountable with my decisions and hope the other founder moderators do the same. But I checked the mod queue and WHEW, I've just been responding to modmail for a while, so we need a pal here to help keep stuff organized.  


How to Apply:

Hiring begins as of this post going live -- and with you sending a modmail to us. The format of this should start with the subject line VXJUNKIES APPLICATION. Then, one paragraph describing your history with VX Modules, one paragraph describing your history with /r/VXJunkies (links to "Highlight" posts or comments would be appreciated), one paragraph describing your skills as they relate to the job, and one paragraph where you describe the Armistan Code-X of Justice. That's 4 paragraphs covering 4 subjects, so try to be precise and concise. You will know if you are in the "second round" if we message you back, and we'll carry out a conversation from there. Hiring closes May 25th, after which I won't look at any new submissions. We will be announcing the new moderators June 1st.  


VXJunkies (and me, who will probably be doing the hiring) does not discriminate based on class, race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, gender, sexuality, ability, or age. We maintain the right to discriminate against assholes, though.  


\---

  
Thank you for reading, and Happy VXing!

  
\-P\_J
My ~$208 attempt at trying to de-inverse poly-metrons. Any suggestions/feedback?nan
INO out of few old VT-23e's and Triangular 3" R-stockI just found out about this subreddit and you guys inspired me to make my own inverse newtonian oscillatron out of couple of used Vextronic transcilloscopes and few Reuleauxian triangular 3" tubes. 

&#x200B;

I had couple of problems at the start, like how to join 2 of 2X3 Gröhn-Hilsch matrixes together without creating ton of interference with my Tricycloidal 5kHz rectifier, vectors were pointing way off when calibrating the system... I'll spare you from the boring details I'm sure you are familiar with Rheulean theorem and Wieman principles. It still makes bit of unnecessary B-type combulent particles, but after I installed new matronical filters, replaced the CT-gaskets and after final calibration it was able to detect ionising gramulons in a 3-way comploid.
Sysadmin hereSo I'm diagnosing an eVault issue, and the bgp evpn isn't setup yet, so I had to use a old MPLS evpn with tagging.   Well the remote site and local site communicated on the tag and the connection came up, but honestly the eVault was not working, so with the ARP cache and ping tests confirming my worst fears, I powered the eVault on, as the local site support didn't even plug it in.   Then things worked but the subnet has to be converted to RFC 1918 space from conventional classful space. That's easy with nat, but I wanted to put double nat (twice nat) on the firewall to blockade any port attacks.  Is this a good plan?
Please help me interpret these results (see comment)nan
What is this thing? (Obligatory Vertex Decrumbular for scale)nan
Someone explain to me...Why is it that there was such a big media uproar about LIGO making the 'first' observation of gravitational waves in 2015, while the 1978 Boltzmann experiments seem to have no mainstream media coverage at all?

While it is true that the double-walled lithium chambers used back then had way less precision and couldn't tell the difference between gravitational waves and Rheinbach oscillations, the follow-up experiment ran a detector in parallel under high ion flux to cancel out the interference. Boltzmann managed to all but prove the existence of gravitational waves decades before LIGO (totally copied half of his research).

So I guess my question is what's up with the media ignoring discoveries and milestones in the VX field compared to more 'conventional' approaches?
Would you guys be interested in a site like PCPartPicker but for VX?I’m taking a web design class this summer semester. The final project is to create your own polished website. I wanna make something really nice so I’m starting now. 

I got the idea while working on my own rig. I bought a used CX7 monofibulator for my 4th gen R&D emitter regulator. I totally forgot that the 4th gen R&D’s only take CX8 and above. Being used, I couldn’t return it. $150 down the toilet :(

I’d like to create a website that allows you to see which parts are compatible with each other. It will also search the web and try to find you the best price. 

Does something like this already exist? Do you think it would be useful? I just hate seeing a new VX’er make a stupid mistake like buying RT-7000’s for a fucking h720i. I’d like to make VX’ing a more friendly place for beginners.
I've never made a meme, but this felt too important not to sharenan
Augating a 3-point havelShameless brag:    
So I've got my hands on a pretty decent havel 3p, which I have shaved down to the G fig and coated with bauxite. That's fine and all, but I read in Hofer Dansen's "Shuffled rayglands and other mistakes" that one should ALWAYS augate at least once, especially when you've got your hands on a B-tier device or better.   
Long story short, I fetched my quar and towbieul point driver, and I just went caveman on the core. Now I get this beautiful shine in the h-sec glass, and pretty decent readings around five or six MHz.
Okay. Which one of you is this?nan
Hello fellow VX Junkies! Warner Feldspar here! AMA!I saw one of you spotted my car and sparked a heated debate about my theories so I thought I'd drop in to clear things up! AMA!
I love all the nonsensical engineering terms in here like “I ran too much voltage through my amplifier and burned out the transistors”. You guys come up with some great stuff.nan
I finally built my new quark gluon field transistor, let me know what you think!nan
My new office comes with a transhumidification equalizer hub!nan
VX on Amazon.nan
I honestly don't even have any words for myselfnan
I really don't understand this subreddit. Can someone please explain?Why is everyone on here suddenly seem so set on the Bellenstrop interpretation of closed-field vectoring couplers? For at least 8 years (perhaps more?) .88 delta has been possible with a dead-simple PTrS limiters and off-the-shelf cryptochain transition protocols (Feilhau showed this clearly in the last downsample spool-up). 

Is this a /r/HailCorporate situation? 

Russian interference?
That feeling when you're watching a tutorial on streamlining your interinquine frequencies via a decacade g7q but you're only running an octocade g6q so you have to convert the whole quartzens using the decimal systemnan
Minimalist build (under $1,000)Ok, so I've been playing around with this build I read about in Rayhart Schäfers "B-signals and other submetrics" where you basically base your setup around the HedSec z920, and align the sentrifuge with your main axle, enabling this kind of turbo effect where heat, smoke and steam will help the rpm when the pressure is high enough. Well, it got me thinking, and I tried the same thing, only now in the post radiation process (hear me out before you rant, yes I know it sounds stupid, but keep reading, this is good shit).  
So, I got my main core open, and removed the alpha filter, and calibrated my C-beam to hit the quad at an 47° angle at 250 c/s. First try was pretty good. I got some average readings, and thought I could do better. 
Second try I tried to add some ice cubes in the water tank for shits and giggles, and what do you know, first ten seconds I measured over 50 æ/m2, but then straight back to average. I then just stuck my whole water tank in my fridge, and drilled a hole in the side and stuck some rubber tubes through, and sealed the hole with duct tape, lol.  
At my third try, I observed that one of my side augments lacked some oomph, and that several transistors on the circuit board of my Gerard/Gerard auxiliaries had blown out, I thought "Do these even help my build?". The quantum function in the G/G reminded me anyways of the cup and ball trick from my old close-up magic kit, so I ran to my attic and found the old box. I switched out the entire G/G with two cups and a ball from my magic kit, and fuck me: motherfuckin stable 60 æ/m2.    
I was baffled with my setup. Not only am I now running without side augments, and no fucking Gerard/Gerard, but my C-beam seems to make this feedback loop in my main chamber, and just like a car turbo it's also using the excess heat, smoke and steam to help the process. I unplugged the HedSec from the power outlet 3 hours ago, and it's still fucking running.  
What is this monster I have made?
what do you think of my setup?
nannan
My uncle is one of the 4 people on earth that can visualise the ar-16/ptc-6 connection-process. One of the coolest things I've ever seennan
Carbon based lutherium and its many uses with the numerical order.I’ve been reading up on the diametrics of the algorithms many VX users have been using and it’s almost condescending to see them implemented without memorizing the lutherium order. To help guide and educate the newer crowds I have put in place the actual order based on the Framerates of their coil calcimated   Lutherium pilots based on tetrium radiate input. And for the love of VX please memorize these better. 

Inputs and outputs of Lutherium in numerical order:

1X//4.4 —— 550.33 Tetrium
5.5X//3.7 —— 1,332 Tetrium
9.9X//2.1—— 3,355.66272754 Tetrium
10.5Xs//1.111—— 8,623.778383717 Tetrium
23Xs//8.32—— 10,333.7937151794 Tetrium
53.23Xs//3.31—— 14,555.666867 Tetrium
106.3Xs//5.78—— 23,208.45643 Tetrium
154.5777Xl//4.4—— 53,989.7897 Tetrium
207.786Xl//2.23—— 98,676.122 Tetrium
253.7653Xl//9.786—— 145,676.33 Tetrium

Remember to Recoil your input based on the algorithmic focal point when changing the sidewinder coils from DIMO1 to DIMO2 by using the basic and simple formula:

23.8£_55^ X 298,743.882649973629€€ {55.55} <88.75463>* 5*86*33.323

If invited correctly you should get a message on your monitor (best if using Induced Junction brand) that says *Input complete please refrain from rotating base form passed 7* you should then be able to handle the coil after about an hour of stabilization. 

I hoped this helped some newcomers and please don’t go for the cheaper route of using Dican’s routing tube as it can get clogged easily with the carbon manipulation.
Nostalgic post: Antique unshielded unit. Discovered in Morlanwelz. Preserved in '17.nan
A fool that doesn't know what a trebuloriux machine is over at whatisthisthing..nan
Petition to start a new VX sub for "real" VXersI've about had it with all the fake posts on here. Those of us who are seriously into VX are finding it increasingly difficult to get to the real content. I'd like to propose we start a Real VX sub ... or at LEAST have a flair for the joke posts or something. Mods - please help!
This takes me back - I'd bet we can all remember our first improvised Schrenken Field Deflectors (seen at my nephew's VX club annual exhibition)nan
I had a disagreement with my dad over which copplerphase annex goes with the 8pDR juncture wires implied here. Can someone please weigh in? I insist on thin-spindle with a dual-gradient array, but is the ambulature too high?nan
Found in an attic, the writing is in germannan
lol, I tried to make my own pcp-extraction gass tank, but ended up with a semi-working magsific g4 (or maybe g5) tanknan
User finds a mono beuleptic device in his atticnan
Introducing r/VXillology!I have just created r/VXillology, a sub for discussing VXillology. As most of you know, VXillology is the subfield of VX that deals with how flags and VX relate to one another. For example, Roberto et al. (2018) discovered that the flag of the United States was created not by our Betsy Ross, but by an *alternate* Betsy Ross who resided across a Ranser's discontinuity temporarily revealed by a φ3-level redimensionalization event. Our lab, the Hubert lab, has found that patterns on certain flags can be fed to a quartian-nondefibrulator as psycho-geographical data.

It's a work in progress. Feel free to post flags that relate to VX, VX stuff that relates to flags, and other stuff like that!
Is VXpo2020 still happening?With all the coronavirus shutdowns, is Brussels still on in June? The website doesn't say anything about it yet and my team needs to start making arrangements if it's still going to happen. We are running a workshop on Day 2 that requires shipping equipment early April by freight. Any help would be most welcome.
I is can had helpHellos so I wuz the do a VX and got hit with epsilon scrambler and now I dont think rite becaus of the quasifloivian stuff can I do what for this??? Will it ware off???? Me lab head is no hapy with me!!!!

EDIT: A version of me from an alternate timeline posted the above message. Thanks to u/meezala's help, we managed to resolve the situation.
Alright I need some help, I may have stranded myselfLook, I know a lot of you dipshits are just 21st century humans pretending to be VX experts by typing loosely coherent technobabble into drawn out sentences (as if we wouldn’t know the difference lmao, ‘epsilon concave’ my ass lol we all know anything kappa or lower won’t force dim-4 protrusion gtfo), but this one is serious, so if you clowns could just this once stay out of it, I’ve got a real problem I need experienced help with. 

Soooo... I let my date drive the warp cycle. I know it was irresponsible, but anyways, she busted the Faraday-revolving twin membrane (drivers ed people is it SO hard??). For some reason now the tau-condensate in the Adams field won’t entangle properly OR dissipate charge according to Ferr-Lucas (by my own estimates it’s following more closely to a 1/t*sin(t) modulated Koch fractal, which makes absolutely no sense given spin summation under the pressure constraint). 

Yes, it’s a Limmins corp-state drive. I know all you young people get raging hard-ons for the new flashy reverse induction getups that the A9V sector’s been blasting promotion for in every new movie, but here’s a news flash: I like my combustion probabilities generally lower than 1/2theta of an ENTIRE Declin-Nier constant, and also purple is such an ugly discharge color.

I gotta somehow get this chick home before too much time has passed and everyone she knows is dead, so I’ve got relatively 40-50 years max to make the jump, and so obviously a manual hydro-reductive Linear B process won’t generate enough resistance gradient (it could if she wasn’t so goddamn uptight...), so don’t even bother with that.

Anyone got a quicker fix? To be honest it’s not life and death (at least for me lol), but I’d really like to plow this chick before she dies of old age.

EDIT: Got it. It’s always something that makes you feel stupid isn’t it? I swear though, y’all start referencing the TVEars fiasco or some shit, I’m gonna... probably not do anything tbh
I had no idea they use VX technology in Wastewater treatment (x-post r/Wastewater)nan
Drop Off by Mike Mañalacnan
Just finished building my setup, where should I begin?I’ve got a pretty small-scale rig going on, granted it is some beginner stuff but it should do the trick.

Is a Model-667 Omega Refractor enough to handle a simple cache assortment simplex?  I know the Frëidmïn models are usually disregarded as overpriced newbie junk, but I think they end up sounding good (plus, the price tag is pretty inviting).

Also, is it safe to connect a DX550 and an MX550 with a streamline XQC cable?  I read somewhere online that doing that could possibly harm setups but since I’m running on such low power (620kP/w max), I don’t think that any serious damage could happen, but then again I am running some cheap gear.

I was thinking of upgrading to a Redman Tube Digitizer but the price is a little steep.  Does anyone here have any experience with Redman models?  Reviews seem pleasant online, but I’m not entirely sure.  I’ve also heard that they can cause excessive metronomic instability down the line if they’re open for too long, but fortunately I think my EL-Humid should help.

I also recently purchased Ôminid XL/LC suite, and that’s saved me days’ worth of software ampling.  I would highly recommend it.
guilty as chargednan
The lineup consists simply of a base plate of prefabulated amulite in a direct line with the panametric fan. Sidefumbling of the fluorescence score motion and reducal of sinusoidal depleneration, are effectively prevented by the drawn reciprocation dingle arm.nan
VX6 NI-compatible drivers?I've been trying to rig together a more streamlined Thouless resonance spectrometer for a few months now using a spare VX3 as the driver, but unfortunately a lot of the firmware that those old rigs rely on is written in an obscure dialect of FORTRAN. Most of my lab's electrical infrastructure is built around National Instruments (grr) ADCs, and so I have the wonderful task of trying to compile proprietary driver code for the unheard-of  x31 architecture the geniuses at Smith-Bohm decided on.

Does anyone have anything lying around for a NI-DAQ8600, (perhaps on an old floppy disk :P)  ?
Just realized Covid19 is a pun on Einstesin's coVid9Tin. SMH.nan
I found this huge ancient VX at a local museum. Anybody know what time this could be from?nan
Mytocromium and smokingIs it safe to smoke around Mytocromium? 

I smoked three cigars today trying to get my Turbo Injunctulator to modulize in the proper sequence. I think the iridium blow back shunt is jammed, but I’m not sure. The trouble shooting guide said to apply a few squirts of Mytocromium Gel into the crampress. I ran out of good Mytocromium and tried off brand Mytocromium Paste I found in my incabulator kit. Trash. Gunked up the whole process before it’d even protosynthesize. I didn’t have the courage to go try and find more gel so I just powered it down and let the vectron gasses that had built up dissipate. 

Just curious if there’s a lasting inhalation hazard or not.
My wife thinks this is our clinostat...nan
Good ideas for how to extend my cyclotronic field modulator in my latest project?nan
Do you think this technique can be adapted to help organize the pins in a custom Von Neumann inverter?nan
Why does the MUSIC algorithm use the noise subspace to calculate the pseudospectrum?nan
HOW TO COOL X-67Q HYPERION CLASS CORE COMPODULATORS???????!PLEASE HELP MY CORE COMPODULATORS IN THE SANFRANCISCO VX LAB ARE ABOUT TO GO NOV- I MEAN HAHA NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT JUST A LITTLE CLASS 8 DEFFCENCY AM I RIGHT GUYS? NO NEED TO PANIC
rookie mistakenan
Sounds like this could allow you to run a theoretical Hollinberg rig! Anyone done the math on this yet?nan
New here, need help setting up my NPN Amplidyne Buchholz relay...Pretty much what the title says...

I'm having trouble converting the Buck-boost Butterworth filter to the CCFL Clapp oscillator. The readings are corrupted, maybe it's a problem on the Closed-loop controller? I could try using an Extended Kalman filter instead... At a loss here.

Thanks in advance.
Has anyone used Ce2Sn2O7 as a reagent in ferrocore stabilization?nan
ELI5: What does an oblidisk do?Once again I am asking a total noob question. This should be the last one of these so I don't clutter this sub's feed. 

Anyways I'm relatively new to VXing, and I just received an used VX5 bus controller on ebay. Hooked it to my computer for a debug and it ran fine. I have a lot of basic components now (baltovsky chamber, Williamson's field generator, Trilinear phase multiplier, flux emitter, etc.), however I lack an oblidisk. I hear everywhere they are almost completely necessary for VXing. I am going to order one, but I kind of want to know how it works first. So can some please explain how they work/what they do, and recommendations on brands and where to buy them?
My new portable rignan
When you realize you're going to need to get to get a Thermostatic Inducer to stop your crops from spontaneously dessicating.nan
He doesn’t look like he’s looking forward to recoupling the frontal helix relays. Can’t say I blame him with them still being in the old pre-Feynman Standard configuration.nan
Going crazy: how to deal with isolation?So for the past 3 weeks I’ve been driving myself mad attempting to use magnetophoresis-assisted nucleotide cleaving methods to isolate Tennessine-127 electrons from their parent particles.

At first I thought things were going well then my rig started overheating to 934° despite the installation of 3 new N-sinks.

I’m using a 1:3 ferric particulate-isopropyl solution to feed into the cleaving channels and at first I though this might be causing the problems, but after thoroughly scrubbing my ⍺-filters with zero-chauw magnets I’m getting NOTHING!

Two burnt out Ohmstar autobauders later and I’m just ready to give up. I was desperate to run those sweet Tn numbers and post for you guys but now I’ve lost heart. Might just go out instead.

